Recipe By:Carol "This is a great white wedding cake for those of you who like it plain. When I was a child, one of my neighbors who was elderly made a lot of wedding cakes for family and other people, and she took great pride in her work. She used fancy staircases you get in cake decorating stores, and even crocheted certain decorations. All is in your imagination. No professional baker did what she did. Be creative." Ingredients 1 cup and 1 tablespoon sifted cake flour 1-1/4 teaspoons baking powder 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/3 cup and 1 tablespoon white sugar 1-1/2 egg whites 3 tablespoons and 1/2 teaspoon white sugar 3 tablespoons and 1/2 teaspoon shortening 1/3 cup and 1 tablespoon milk 1/4 teaspoon orange extract 1/4 teaspoon almond extract Directions Beat egg whites until foamy with sturdy egg beater, or at high speed of electric mixer. Then add 1 cup sugar gradually, beating only until meringue will hold up in soft peaks. In a large bowl, stir shortening just to soften. In another bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, salt, and 2 cups sugar; sift into shortening. Add 1 1/2 cups milk and the extracts, and mix until all flour is dampened. Beat 2 minutes at a low speed of electric mixer. Add remaining milk and the meringue mixture; beat for 1 minute more. Line the bottoms of one 10 inch square pan and two 8 inch square pans with parchment paper. Pour batter to equal depth in each pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for about 45 minutes, or until done. Cool layers. Trim one of the 8 inch square cakes to make a 5 inch square cake. Place the 10 inch cake on a large flat tray or plate. Frost top and sides with thin layer of Ornamental Icing. Cover top of cake smoothly with more frosting. Center 8 inch cake on top of 10 inch cake, and frost as above. Center 5 inch cake on 8 inch cake, and frost. Spread frosting over entire cake to give a flat, even base for decorating. Decorate as desired. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED © 2019 Allrecipes.com Printed From Allrecipes.com 3/29/2019