Recipe By:JACLYN "A hearty grain and seed filled sourdough bread. Any good sourdough starter will work in this bread. The Rye Starter is just an example of one type of starter to use." Ingredients 1/4 cup and 1 tablespoon cracked wheat 1/3 cup and 1 tablespoon and 1 teaspoon hot water 1 tablespoon and 2 teaspoons margarine, melted 2-1/2 teaspoons molasses 2-1/2 teaspoons honey 1/4 cup and 1 tablespoon nonfat milk 3 tablespoons and 1 teaspoon flax seed 3 tablespoons and 1 teaspoon raw sunflower seeds 1 cup and 1 tablespoon sourdough starter 3/4 cup and 1 tablespoon and 1 teaspoon whole wheat flour 1-1/3 cups and 2 tablespoons bread flour 3/8 egg, beaten Directions In a medium bowl place cracked wheat and pour hot water, (does not need be boiling), over wheat. Add melted margarine, molasses, honey, nonfat milk, flax seed and sunflower seeds and mix well. Cool to lukewarm and stir in the sourdough starter. With a large wooden spoon start stirring in the flours, 1 cup at a time, beginning with the whole wheat then the bread flour. When dough is stiff enough to work, turn out onto a floured surface and knead a good 10 to 12 minutes, working in as little of the remaining flour as necessary. When smooth and elastic, shape dough into a ball and put it into a greased bowl, turning to coat all sides. Cover, place in a warm, draft-free spot, and let rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 1/2 hours, punch down risen dough and set aside again to rise in a warm spot until doubled, about 1 hour. When the second rising is complete, punch down the dough and shape into two loaves. Place dough in two well-greased 9x5 inch loaf pans, cover and let rise again until doubled in bulk, or until the dough reaches the tops of the pans, about 1 hour. Brush tops with an egg wash, made by whisking one tablespoon water into one whole egg until well blended. Bake in a preheated 375 degree (190 degrees C) oven for 30 minutes, after 15 minutes rotate pans and spray with cold water, continue baking until the loaves test done by the hollow sound made when tapped on the top and bottom. Cool on racks in the pans for 10 minutes, then turn out onto the racks to cool completely. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED © 2019 Allrecipes.com Printed From Allrecipes.com 3/29/2019