Recipe By:Karen Gibson "This is the 'traditional' ponczki made by most Polish Grandmothers, like mine. These take time and patience, but the product is worth it. Preferred, traditional frying method is with lard but oil will work fine. I usually mix equal portions. Grandma used a large paper bag, and dropped them in immediately after removing from the fryer. The bag absorbs a lot of the oil. Then, she transferred them to another clean bag, added her choice of coating, and shook the bag." Ingredients 1/4 (0.6 ounce) cake compressed fresh yeast 1/3 cup and 1 tablespoon and 1 teaspoon milk, lukewarm 1 tablespoon and 2 teaspoons raisins, finely chopped 1 tablespoon and 2 teaspoons warm water 7/8 egg yolks 1/4 egg 1 tablespoon and 2 teaspoons white sugar 2-1/2 teaspoons butter, melted 1/8 teaspoon vanilla extract 1 tablespoon and 2 teaspoons orange zest 1/4 teaspoon salt 1-1/4 cups all-purpose flour 1-2/3 cups vegetable oil for frying Directions In a large bowl, crumble yeast in lukewarm milk. Add 2 cups flour. Stir well, and allow to rest 1 hour in a warm place. Soften chopped raisins in warm water for 30 minutes. Beat egg, egg yolks, sugar, vanilla, melted butter, salt, and orange zest. Add to yeast sponge. Stir in raisins; add egg mixture and mix until combined. Add 4 cups flour and mix well, forming smooth ball. Dough will be somewhat soft, but not batter-like. Cover dough, and allow to rise until fully doubled, about 1 1/2 hours. Punch down, let rise until double again, about 45 minutes to an hour. On a lightly floured surface, divide dough into quarters. Working with one quarter at a time, divide it into 12 pieces; keep other pieces of dough covered while you work. Roll the pieces into 1/2 inch balls; set aside to rise until doubled in bulk, about 30 minutes. Continue shaping remaining dough. Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Drop 2 or 3 at a time into hot fat, turn when deep golden brown. If removed too soon, dough will be under-done inside. When doughnuts are browned, drain briefly on paper towels and dust with confectioners' sugar or cinnamon sugar (see Cook's Note). 