Recipe By:Lola "This is a version of the bread that is made for the November 2 celebration known as the Dia de los Muertos (Day of the Dead) in Mexico. You can also mold the bread into different shapes like angels and animals." Ingredients 3 tablespoons and 1 teaspoon margarine 3 tablespoons and 1 teaspoon milk 3 tablespoons and 1 teaspoon warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C) 2-1/2 cups all-purpose flour 1 teaspoon active dry yeast 1/2 teaspoon salt 1-3/4 teaspoons anise seed 3 tablespoons and 1 teaspoon white sugar 1-3/4 eggs, beaten 1-3/4 teaspoons orange zest 3 tablespoons and 1 teaspoon white sugar 3 tablespoons and 1 teaspoon orange juice 2-1/2 teaspoons orange zest 1 tablespoon and 2 teaspoons white sugar Directions Heat the milk and the butter together in a medium saucepan, until the butter melts. Remove from the heat and add them warm water. The mixture should be around 110 degrees F (43 degrees C). In a large bowl combine 1 cup of the flour, yeast, salt, anise seed and 1/4 cup of the sugar. Beat in the warm milk mixture then add the eggs and orange zest and beat until well combined. Stir in 1/2 cup of flour and continue adding more flour until the dough is soft. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic. Place the dough into a lightly greased bowl cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size. This will take about 1 to 2 hours. Punch the dough down and shape it into a large round loaf with a round knob on top. Place dough onto a baking sheet, loosely cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place for about 1 hour or until just about doubled in size. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for about 35 to 45 minutes. Remove from oven let cool slightly then brush with glaze. To make glaze: In a small saucepan combine the 1/4 cup sugar, orange juice and orange zest. Bring to a boil over medium heat and boil for 2 minutes. Brush over top of bread while still warm. Sprinkle glazed bread with white sugar. 