Chop cookies very fine in food processor. The white cream will disappear. Mix butter, cream cheese, and sugar in bowl. In a large bowl mix milk, pudding and whipped topping together. Combine pudding mixture and cream mixture together. Layer in flower pot, starting with cookies then cream mixture. Repeat layers. Chill until ready to serve. Add artificial flower and trowel. Enjoy!
Dissolve yeast in warm water. Stir in sugar, salt, eggs, butter, and 2 cups of flour. Beat until smooth. Mix in remaining flour until smooth. Scrape dough from side of bowl. Knead dough, then cover it and let rise in a warm place until double (about 1 1/2 hours). Punch down dough. Divide in half. Roll each half into a 12-inch circle. Spread with butter. Cut into 10 to 15 wedge. Roll up the wedges starting with the wide end. Place rolls with point under on a greased baking sheet. Cover and let rise until double (about 1 hour). Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 12-15 minute or until golden brown. Brush tops with butter when they come out of the oven. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease bottoms of two 9-inch loaf pans. Mix together flour, salt, baking powder, poppy seeds, butter flavoring, oil, eggs, milk, sugar, vanilla, and almond flavoring. Pour into prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for one hour. Cool 5 minutes. Poke holes in top of loaves and pour glaze over. To make glaze: Mix orange juice, 1/2 teaspoon butter flavoring, 1/2 teaspoon almond flavoring, and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Add enough confectioners' sugar to make glaze. 
Dissolve yeast in warm water. In a large bowl, cream sugar and butter. Add beaten egg and salt. Stir in cooled milk and then the yeast. Add 1 1/2 cups sifted flour; beat into a smooth batter. Cover and let rise until light, about one hour. Stir spices and dried orange zest into the sponge. Add 4 1/2 cups of flour to make a soft dough. Place on a lightly floured board, and knead until smooth and elastic. Knead in raisins and candied peel. Put in a well oiled bowl, and turn once to coat the surface of the dough. Cover. Set aside to rise until double in bulk, about 2 hours. Divide dough into ten parts, roll into desired lengths, and let rise about 15 minutes. On a heavily greased baking sheet, make a braid of three parts, beginning in the center and working braid loosely toward each end. Pinch ends together. Twist the remaining two pieces together, and place on the base of the braid. In a small bowl, beat together egg yolk and milk; brush the loaf with this mixture. Sprinkle sliced almonds over the loaf. Repeat process for second loaf. Let rise about 45 minutes. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes. Transfer bread to a wire rack, and cool completely. Cover while cooling with a tea towel to make a soft crust. Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 x 5 inch loaf pans. Beat together eggs, sugar, and oil. Blend in applesauce, and then sour cream or buttermilk. Mix in flour, baking powder, soda, and cinnamon. Stir in raisins. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake for 80 minutes. Cool on wire racks. 
Combine boiling water, oats, shortening, brown sugar, salt, and molasses. Allow to cool. Stir 1/2 cup warm water and 1 teaspoon white sugar until sugar is dissolved. Sprinkle yeast over this mixture, and proof while oats are cooling. Add 3 cups of warm water to the cooled oat mixture. Stir in yeast. Begin stirring in flour 1 cup at a time until it begins to get hard to stir. Dredge raisins in flour, and mix with cinnamon; mix into the dough. Turn onto a lightly floured surface, and knead in enough flour to make a soft but not sticky dough. Cover. Let rise for 1 to 2 hours in a warm place, or until dough doubles in size. Divide dough into 5 parts. Shape loaves, and place into greased 9 x 5 inch loaf pans. Bake in a preheated 375 degree F (190 degree C) oven for 20 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake an additional 20 minutes. Cool on wire racks. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour an 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 inch loaf pan. Soak raisins in apple juice. In a large bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, soda, cinnamon, oats, and brown sugar. Add applesauce, oil, eggs, and milk; stir until just combined. Mix in raisins. Spread batter into prepared pan. Bake for 55 to 60 minutes. Remove from pan immediately, and cool on a wire rack. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour an 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 inch loaf pan. In a large bowl, combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, brown sugar, and oats. Add apple, nuts, raisins, eggs, milk, and oil. Mix until dry ingredients are moistened. Bake for 55 to 60 minutes, or until done. Cool on wire rack. 
Mix oats with buttermilk. Let stand for 1/2 hour. Stir oil, egg, and brown sugar into oat mixture. Stir together flour, baking powder, soda, and salt: mix into oat mixture. Pour batter into a greased and floured 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 inch loaf pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 55 to 60 minutes, or until done. 
Cream shortening and sugar together. Stir in salt, hot milk, beaten egg yolks, and flavoring. When lukewarm, add yeast to mixture. Let stand 5 minutes. Add flour, beating well. Knead down into bowl. The dough will be slightly sticky. Let rise 1 hour. Cut off small balls of dough. Roll into rounds in your hands, and place on greased cookie sheets 2 inches apart. Let rise 15 minutes. Make a depression into the center of each roll. Fill with fruit preserves. Bake at 450 degrees F (230 degrees C) until brown. Watch carefully. Cool on wire racks. 
Dissolve brown sugar in 1 cup hot water. Add shortening, and stir to melt. Let cool. In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in 4 cups warm water. Add white sugar, salt, and bread flour. Beat well. Stir in shortening mixture. Stir in enough whole wheat flour to make a stiff but not dry dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead until smooth and elastic. Place in a large, well oiled bowl. Cover, and allow to rise until dough doubles in bulk. Divide dough into four equal parts. Shape into loaves. Place in greased, 9 x 5 inch pans, turning each loaf over in pan to grease top. Allow to rise until dough doubles in bulk. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 minutes. Let cool before slicing. 
Warm the milk in a small saucepan until it bubbles, then remove from heat. Let cool until lukewarm. Dissolve the yeast in the warm water. Stir in the lukewarm milk, sugar, salt, cardamom, 4 eggs, and enough flour to make a batter (approximately 2 cups). Beat until the dough is smooth and elastic. Add about 3 cups of the flour and beat well; the dough should be smooth and glossy in appearance. Add the melted butter or margarine, and stir well. Beat again until the dough looks glossy. Stir in the remaining flour until the dough is stiff. Turn out of bowl onto a floured surface, cover with an inverted mixing bowl, and let rest for 15 minutes. Knead the dough until smooth and satiny. Place in a lightly greased mixing bowl, and turn the dough to grease the top. Cover with a clean dishtowel. Let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour. Punch down, and let rise again until almost doubled. Turn out again on to a floured surface, and divide into 3 parts. Divide each third into 3 again. Roll each piece into a 12 to 16 inch strip. Braid 3 strips into a loaf. You should get 3 large braided loaves. Lift the braids onto greased baking sheets. Let rise for 20 minutes. Brush each loaf with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes. Check occasionally because the bottom burns easily. 
Mix together yeast, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1/4 cup flour, and 1/4 cup warm water. Allow to stand for 30 minutes. Mix in 1/2 cup warm water, flour, salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, and vegetable oil. Knead until dough surface is smooth and elastic. Roll over in a greased bowl, and let stand until triple in size, about 2 1/2 to 3 hours. Punch down dough, and spread out on a floured board. Sprinkle baking powder evenly on surface, and knead for 5 minutes. Divide dough into 2 parts, and place the piece you are not working with in a covered bowl. Divide each half into 12 parts. Shape each part into a ball with smooth surface up. Put each ball on a wax paper square. Let stand covered until double, about 30 minutes. Bring water to a boil in wok, and reduce heat to medium; the water should still be boiling. Place steam-plate on a small wire rack in the middle of the wok. Transfer as many buns on wax paper as will comfortably fit onto steam-plate leaving 1 to 2 inches between the buns. At least 2 inches space should be left between steam-plate and the wok. Cover wok with lid. Steam buns over boiling water for 15 minutes. REMOVE LID BEFORE you turn off heat, or else water will drip back onto bun surface and produce yellowish "blisters" on bun surfaces. Continue steaming batches of buns until all are cooked. 
Add the ingredients to the pan of your bread machine in the order suggested by the manufacturer, and Start. You can use more bread flour if the dough seems too sticky. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Blend butter or margarine, sugar, egg, banana, dissolved coffee, and vanilla in food processor for 2 minutes. Add flour, salt, baking powder, and soda, and blend just until flour disappears. Add chocolate chips and mix in with wooden spoon. Spoon mixture into 15 to 18 paper-lined muffin cups. Bake for 25 minutes. Cool on wire racks. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine the cornmeal, milk, oil, eggs, chopped green bell pepper, chopped onion, garlic powder, salt, baking soda, sugar, drained corn kernels, pimentos and jalapeno peppers. Mix until combined, and pour into a well greased 10 to 14 inch cast iron skillet. Bake for 45 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Grease the cups of a 12-cup muffin pan. Sift together flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Cut in shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in oats. Add egg, milk, and syrup. Stir only until dry ingredients are moistened. Fill greased muffin tins 3/4 full. Bake for 18 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven, and let stand a few minutes before removing muffins from the pan. 
Beat together egg, milk, salt, desired spices and vanilla. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or skillet over medium-high heat. Dunk each slice of bread in egg mixture, soaking both sides. Place in pan, and cook on both sides until golden. Serve hot. 
Mix eggs, milk, salt, and nutmeg together with a fork, until the whole mixture is pale yellow. Pour this into a low, flat pan or a large, shallow dish. If you are using English muffins, cut them in half so that you have six halves. Let the halves or the slices of bread soak on each side in the egg mixture. Spread a layer of granulated sugar on a plate, and dip both sides of the bread in sugar. Heat a griddle or skillet over medium heat. Put about half a tablespoon of butter in the pan, and let it melt. Place two muffin halves or slices of bread in the pan. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Wipe old butter out of pan, and repeat with remaining slices of bread. 
In a small bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. Let stand until creamy, about 5 minutes. Add buttermilk to yeast mixture, and set aside. In a large bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Cut in shortening with a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir in yeast mixture until dry ingredients are moistened. Turn dough out onto a floured surface, and knead 4 or 5 times. On a lightly floured surface, roll dough to 1/2 inch thickness. Cut out biscuits with a 2 1/2 inch round cutter. Place on lightly greased baking sheets, barely touching each other. Cover, and let rise in a warm place free from drafts for 1 hour, or until almost doubled in size. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Bake in preheated oven for 10 to 12 minutes, or until browned. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line muffin cups (2-1/2 inches in diameter) with paper bake cups. In large mixer bowl, beat butter, sugar, brown sugar, egg, and vanilla until well blended. Add applesauce, blend well. In a separate bowl, stir together flour, cocoa, baking soda, and cinnamon, if desired. Add to butter mixture, blending well. Stir in chocolate chips. Fill muffin cups 3/4 full with batter. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 22 to 26 minutes or until wooden pick inserted in center comes out almost clean. Cool slightly in pan on wire rack. Sprinkle muffin tops with confectioners' sugar, if desired. Serve warm. 
Mix well bread flour, rye flour, cornmeal, salt, yeast, cocoa, and brown sugar. Add milk, oil, and molasses. Mix thoroughly. When mixed well enough that the dough holds together, knead by hand 15-20 minutes. Cover, let rise in bowl 30 minutes. Punch down, form, and place into 9 1/2x5 inch pan. Cover with damp cloth and let rise about 1 hour. Bake in preheated 375 degree F (190 degrees C) oven 25 to 30 minutes, covering top with aluminum foil last 10 minutes. 
Whisk the warm water with the yeast and sugar until the yeast is dissolved. Cover and let stand in a warm place for 10 minutes. Sift flour and salt three times into a large bowl add the yeast mixture, half of the ghee and all the yogurt. Mix into a soft dough then knead on a floured surface for about 5 minutes or until dough is smooth and elastic. Place the dough in a large greased bowl, cover and let stand in a warm place for 1 1/2 hours or until the dough is doubled in size . Punch down dough then knead for 5 minutes. Divide dough into 6 pieces. Roll each piece out into 8 inch round naans. Cover an oven tray with foil and grease the foil. Brush the naan with a little of the remaining ghee and sprinkle with some of the kalonji. Cook naan one at a time under the broiler for about 2 minutes on each side or until puffed and just browned. 
In a large bowl, mix by hand sour milk or buttermilk, corn syrup, sugar, soda, cardamom, and flour until mixture becomes a soft pliable dough. Divide the dough into 12 or so pieces. Roll out each piece until about 1/8 inch thick. Bake on a lightly floured griddle over very low heat for 12 to 15 minutes per side. Serve warm with your favorite cheese or jam. 
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Line 12 muffin cups with papers. In a small saucepan over low heat, melt the semisweet chocolate together with the butter. Let stand until cooled, about 10 minutes. Lightly beat the egg. In a small bowl, stir together the chocolate-butter mixture with the buttermilk, sugar, egg, and vanilla, until blended well. In a large bowl, stir together flour, soda, and salt. Make a hole in the center of the dry ingredients, pour in the chocolate mixture, and stir until just combined. Stir in the mini chocolate chips. Spoon the batter into the lined muffin cups. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 20-25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center of a muffin comes out clean. Remove muffin tin from oven and let stand at least 5 minutes, before removing the muffins and letting them cool on a wire rack. Serve warm or cooled; can be frozen as well. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease insides of 8 (1 pint) straight sided, wide mouth canning jars. In a large bowl, cream shortening and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs, bananas, and water. Sift together flour, baking powder, soda, salt, cinnamon, and cloves. Add to banana mixture. Stir in nuts. Pour mixture into greased WIDE MOUTH pint jars, filling 1/2 full of batter. Do NOT put lids on jars for baking. Be careful to keep the rims clean, wiping off any batter that gets on the rims. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 45 minutes. Meanwhile, sterilize the lids and rings in boiling water. As soon as cake is done, remove from oven one at a time, wipe rims of jars and put on lid and ring. Jars will seal as cakes cool. Place the jars on the counter and listen for them to "ping" as they seal. If you miss the "ping", wait until they are completely cool and press on the top of the lid. If it doesn't move at all, it's sealed. Jars should be eaten immediately or kept sealed in refrigerator for up to a week. 
Add ingredients to bread machine pan in order recommended by your manufacturer. Use regular light setting. 
Place ingredients in the bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select the multigrain setting, and press start. 
In a medium saucepan cook potato cubes in water for about 12 minutes, or until tender. Do not drain. Cool mixture to 110 degrees F (43 degrees C). Set aside 1/2 cup of the cooking liquid. Mash potato and remaining liquid; if necessary add warm water to make 2 cups potato mixture. In a large mixing bowl, sprinkle yeast on reserved 1/2 cup potato water. Add mashed potato mixture, 2 cups of the flour, sugar, shortening, and salt. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed for 1/2 minute, scraping sides of bowl constantly. Beat 3 minutes at high speed. Stir in as much of the remaining flour as you can mix in by hand. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead in enough of the remaining flour to make a moderately stiff dough. Knead for 6 to 8 minutes, or until dough is smooth and elastic. Place in a lightly greased bowl; turn once to grease surface. Cover. Let rise in warm place until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour. Punch down, and turn out onto a lightly floured surface. Divide dough in half. Cover, and let rest for 10 minutes. Shape each half into a loaf. Place in greased 8 x 4 x 2 inch loaf pans. Cover. Let rise until nearly double, about 35 minutes. Before baking, brush tops with a little water and dust with additional flour. Bake at 375 degree F (190 degrees C) for 40 to 45 minutes. Cover with foil for the last 15 minutes of baking to prevent over-browning. Remove from pan; cool on wire rack. 
Place 1 cup water, bread flour, sugar, salt and yeast into bread machine pan in the order recommended by manufacturer. Select Dough cycle, and press Start. When the cycle has completed, place dough in a greased bowl, turning to coat all sides. Cover, and let rise in a warm place for about 30 minutes, or until doubled in bulk. Dough is ready if indentation remains when touched. Punch down dough. On a lightly floured surface, roll into a 16x12 inch rectangle. Cut dough in half, creating two 8x12 inch rectangles. Roll up each half of dough tightly, beginning at 12 inch side, pounding out any air bubbles as you go. Roll gently back and forth to taper end. Place 3 inches apart on a greased cookie sheet. Make deep diagonal slashes across loaves every 2 inches, or make one lengthwise slash on each loaf. Cover, and let rise in a warm place for 30 to 40 minutes, or until doubled in bulk. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Mix egg yolk with 1 tablespoon water; brush over tops of loaves. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden brown. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). In a large bowl, mix together flour, 1/2 cup oats, salt, baking powder, and baking soda. In another bowl, mix together sour cream, milk, honey, and sugar. Add to the flour mixture, and mix just until well blended. Stir in melted butter or margarine. Turn dough onto a lightly sprayed baking sheet. Shape into a round, lightly mounded circle, about 8 inches diameter. Brush the top of the loaf with melted butter or margarine, and sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon oats. With a knife, score the top of the loaf into quarters. Bake for about 40 minutes, or until browned. Cool completely before slicing. 
Cook chopped pork in a wok over medium heat. After 3 minutes of cooking add chopped shrimp if desired. Cook until pork is no longer pink. Drain, season with salt and set aside to cool. Mix together green onions, ginger, soy sauce, rice wine, oil, sugar, and pepper. Stir in minced meat. Stir in water and mix thoroughly. Chill in freezer for 2 hours, or in refrigerator overnight to firm up and blend flavors. Prepare dough for Chinese Steamed Buns. Shape dough into balls. Roll each out into a circle, (like Won-Ton wrappers). Put 1 tablespoonful of prepared meat mixture in the center of each circle, and wrap dough around filling. Place seams down onto wax paper squares. Let stand until doubled, about 30 minutes. Bring water to a boil in wok, and reduce heat to medium; the water should still be boiling. Place steam-plate on a small wire rack in the middle of the wok. Transfer as many buns on wax paper as will comfortably fit onto steam-plate leaving 1 to 2 inches between the buns. At least 2 inches space should be left between steam-plate and the wok. Cover wok with lid. Steam buns over boiling water for 15 to 20 minutes. REMOVE LID BEFORE you turn off heat, or else water will drip back onto bun surface and produce yellowish "blisters" on bun surfaces. Continue steaming batches of buns until all are cooked. 
Mix together pork, barbecue sauce, shallots, flour, chicken stock, soy sauce, oil, and sugar. Chill in refrigerator for at least 6 hours. Preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate. Cook the pork until an instant-read meat thermometer reaches 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Allow to cool; shred or finely chop the meat. Prepare dough for Chinese Steamed Buns (see footnote). Shape dough into balls. Roll each out into a circle, (like won-ton wrappers). Put 1 tablespoonful of prepared meat mixture in the center of each circle, and wrap dough around filling. Place seam-side down onto wax paper squares. Let stand until doubled, about 30 minutes. Bring water to a boil in wok, and reduce heat to medium; the water should still be boiling. Place steam-plate on a small wire rack in the middle of the wok. Transfer as many buns on wax paper as will comfortably fit onto steam-plate, leaving 1 to 2 inches between the buns. At least 2 inches space should be left between steam-plate and the wok. Cover wok with lid. Steam buns over boiling water for 15 to 20 minutes. REMOVE LID BEFORE you turn off heat, or else water will drip back onto bun surface and produce yellowish "blisters" on bun surfaces. Continue steaming batches of buns until all are cooked. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9x5 inch loaf pans. Sift together baking soda, salt, spices, and flour. In a large bowl, combine ground carrots, pineapple, oil, and sugar. Mix in eggs. Blend flour mixture into carrot mixture. Mix well. Fold nuts and raisins into batter. Pour into prepared pans. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C)for 45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into bread comes out clean. 
Place ingredients into the bread machine in order suggested by the manufacturer. Use the whole wheat, regular crust setting. After the baking cycle ends, remove bread from pan, place on a cake rack, and allow to cool for 1 hour before slicing. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 4 1/2 x 8 1/2 inch loaf pan. Mix flour, baking powder, soda, salt, sugar, oil, eggs, apple, walnuts, and vanilla only until dry ingredients are moistened. Bake in greased 4 1/2 x 8 1/2 inch loaf pan at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes. 
Scald milk. Soften yeast in warm water; let stand 5 minutes. Pour scalded milk over sugar, shortening, and salt in a bowl. When lukewarm, blend in raisins and 1 cup flour. Stir in yeast and beat well. Add 3 cups flour, continue beating until smooth. Beat in enough remaining flour to make a soft dough. Turn on lightly floured surface; let rest about 5 minutes. Knead until smooth and elastic. Place dough in a greased bowl; turn to bring greased surface to top. Cover, let stand in warm place until dough is doubled, about 1 hour. Punch down, cover, and let rise again until almost doubled in bulk. Turn on lightly floured surface. Divide dough in half; let rest 5 to 10 minutes. Shape into loaves. Place in 2 greased loaf pans 9 1/2 x 5 1/4 x 2 3/4 inches. Cover and let rise until doubled, about 1 hour. Bake in a 400 degree F (205 degrees C) oven for about 50 minutes. 
Dissolve yeast in warm water. Sift together flour, sugar, soda, baking powder, and salt. Add buttermilk and dissolved yeast. Add shortening and stir. Store dough, covered, in the fridge until ready to use. Roll out on a lightly floured surface or shape into balls--these do not need to rise. Brush tops of biscuits with melted butter. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 15-20 minutes. 
Place all of the ingredients except for the mixed fruit into the pan of your bread machine in order directed by manufacturer. Select Sweet or Basic/White bread cycle, and use the Medium or Light crust color. Do not use the delay cycles. Add the fruit 5 to 10 minutes before the last kneading cycle ends, or when the raisin or nut signal starts. 
Place ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Use the white bread, medium crust setting. 
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar. Cut in the shortening until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Gradually stir in milk until dough pulls away from the side of the bowl. Turn out onto a floured surface, and knead 15 to 20 times. Pat or roll dough out to 1 inch thick. Cut biscuits with a large cutter or juice glass dipped in flour. Repeat until all dough is used. Brush off the excess flour, and place biscuits onto an ungreased baking sheet. Bake for 13 to 15 minutes in the preheated oven, or until edges begin to brown. 
Allow 10 to 12 ounces of beer to reach room temperature and go flat. This will take approximately 3 to 4 hours. Combine flattened beer, butter, cinnamon, salt, and honey in the pan of bread machine. Add flour and yeast being careful that the yeast does not touch the liquid. Select Dough setting, and Start. After the dough has risen, remove the dough from the pan. Form into a long loaf; cut and form rolls. Place on a floured baking sheet, cover, and allow to rise for approximately 45 minutes. Brush top of rolls with melted butter. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes, or until golden brown. 
Proof the yeast in 1/2 cup warm water in a large bowl until slightly frothy. In the meantime, dissolve 1/2 cup sugar in the warm milk; allow to cool to lukewarm. Once cooled, add the milk mixture to the yeast mixture along with 4 cups of flour. Mix well with a wooden spoon. Cover and put in a dark, warm place until the mixture is bubbly and doubled in size, about 2 hours. Stir in the beaten eggs, 1/2 cup sugar, 1 cup butter, salt, and lemon peel. Stir well to blend. Begin adding the remaining flour a cup at a time to form a very soft dough. Knead the dough on a floured board until soft and elastic, about 10 minutes. Place the dough in a greased bowl, turning to coat all sides. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and allow to rise in a warm place until doubled, about 2 hours. Punch dough down, and allow to rise again for 30 minutes. Divide dough into three parts (see Cook's Note). Shape into slightly rounded loaves, and place on greased baking sheets. Let rise until doubled, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Beat 1 egg with 1 tablespoon water; brush onto loaves. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake in preheated oven until loaves are deep brown, 45 to 50 minutes. Once they are done, brush the tops with melted butter for a soft crust. 
Add ingredients to the pan of the bread machine in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select Basic Bread and Light Crust settings. Start. 
In a mixing bowl combine flour, baking powder, salt, pumpkin pie spice, baking soda, and cloves. In a separate bowl, cream together shortening and brown sugar. Mix in eggs, pumpkin, and milk. Stir flour mixture into wet mixture until just combined. Fold in raisins and walnuts if desired. Pour into a greased and floured 9 x 5 inch loaf pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees ) for 50 to 55 minutes. 
In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water, and let stand for 3 minutes. Add cake mix, 1 cup flour, eggs, oil, and salt; beat well. Stir in remaining flour until a soft dough forms. Knead on well floured surface for about 5 minutes. Place in a greased bowl, and turn to coat the dough surface. Let rise until doubled in bulk, about 45 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Punch down, and divide into two equal parts. Roll out each section on a lightly floured surface. Spread each with softened butter and sprinkle with sugar and cinnamon. Roll up like jelly rolls and cut buns 1 1/2 inches thick with a piece of dental floss or a dull knife. Place in greased baking pans, and allow to rise until doubled. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 to 35 minutes or until golden brown. Meanwhile, combine confectioners sugar, 1/4 cup melted butter, vanilla, and milk. Remove baked buns from oven and drizzle with frosting. 
Place ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select White Bread setting, and Start. 
Measure the water, honey, olive oil, and yeast into a large bowl. Let sit for 3 to 5 minutes. Stir all of the grains and beans together until well mixed. Grind in a flour mill. Add fresh milled flour and salt to the yeast mixture; stir until well mixed, about 10 minutes. The dough will be like that of a batter bread. Pour dough into two greased 9 x 5 inch loaf pans. Let rise in a warm place for about 1 hour, or until dough has reached the top of the pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 to 50 minutes, or until loaves are golden brown. 
Combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In a large bowl, mix oil, eggs, vanilla, sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Blend in pineapple and zucchini. Stir flour mixture into zucchini mixture. Pour batter into two greased and floured 9 x 5 inch loaf pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour. Cool on wire racks. 
Blend cream cheese, 1/4 cup sugar, and 1 beaten egg. Set aside. Combine flour, 1 1/2 cups white sugar, baking soda, salt, and spices. Set aside. Combine pumpkin, butter or margarine, beaten egg, and water. Add flour mixture to pumpkin mixture, mixing just until moistened. Reserve 2 cups of the pumpkin batter. Pour the remaining batter into a greased and floured 9 x 5 inch loaf pan. Pour cream cheese mixture over pumpkin batter, and top with reserved pumpkin batter. Cut through batter several times with a knife for a swirl effect. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 70 minutes, or until tester comes out clean. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes, and then remove from pan to cool completely. 
Dissolve yeast in water. Scald milk, and add melted butter or margarine, salt, sugar. When lukewarm add to yeast and water. Stir in 4 cups flour. Cover, and place in a warm place. Let rise for about 2 hours, or till doubled in bulk. Punch down. Stir in cardamom, cherries, raisins and citron. Work in remaining flour until soft dough forms. Let rise in warm place for 2 to 3 hours, or until doubled. Knead slightly, and form into 4 round loaves. Place on greased cookie sheets. Let rise for 1 to 2 hours, or till doubled. Brush loaves with beaten egg white. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 40 minutes, or until golden brown. 
Place the ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer. Select Whole Wheat setting, and Start. 
Place ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer. Select White Bread setting, and Start. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8 x 4 inch loaf pans. Combine flour, sugars, pumpkin, oil, coconut milk, baking soda, salt, and spices. Mix until well blended. Fold in coconut and nuts. Pour into prepared pans. Bake for about 1 hour and 15 minutes, or until an inserted toothpick comes out clean. Remove from oven. Cover with foil tightly, and allow to steam 10 minutes. Remove foil, and turn out onto cooling rack. Tent lightly with the foil, and allow to cool completely. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9x5 inch baking pan. Combine the pineapple flour, sugar and beer. Do not overmix! Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 1 hour or until bread tests done. 
Place the ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select Normal setting, and then press Start. 
Place the ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select the French Bread or White Bread setting, and then press Start. 
Place ingredients in the bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select Dough or White Bread setting, and then Start. If the dough does not form a ball on the paddle, add 1 tablespoon of flour at a time until the ball forms. Allow machine to complete selected cycle. To bake conventionally, remove the dough from the bread machine pan after the Dough cycle has completed. Shape into a loaf, and place in a greased 9 x 5 inch loaf pan. Let rise until doubled. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 40 minutes. 
Place the ingredients in the bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select Basic Bread setting, and then press Start. Allow the loaf to cool before slicing. 
In a medium mixing bowl, beat the egg with the apple juice and melted butter. Add the remaining ingredients and stir. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot. This batter must be used right away and can not sit and wait. 
To Make Starter: Heat the milk, and stir in 1 tablespoon of the sugar, the cornmeal and 1 teaspoon of the salt. Place this in a jar in an electric skillet or crock pot with hot water in it. Maintain the temperature around 105 to 115 degrees F (40 to 47 degrees C) for 7-12 hours or until it shows fermentation. You can hear the gas escaping when it has fermented sufficiently. The bubble foam, which forms over the starter, can take as long as 24 hours. Do not go on with the bread-making until the starter responds. As the starter ferments, the unusual salt-rising smell appears. When the starter is bubbly, it is time to make the sponge. Place the starter mixture in a medium-size bowl. Stir in 2 cups of the warm water, 2 tablespoons of the sugar, the shortening and 2 cups of the all-purpose flour. Beat the sponge thoroughly. Put bowl back in the water to maintain an even 105 to 115 degrees F (40 to 47 degrees C) temperature. Cover, and let rise until light and full of bubbles. This will take 2 1/2 to 3 hours. Dissolve the baking soda in 1 tablespoon of the warm water and combine it with the sponge. Stir 5 1/4 cups of the flour into the sponge; knead in more flour as necessary. Knead the dough for 10 minutes or until smooth and manageable. Cut dough into 3 parts. Shape dough and place it in three greased 9x5x3 inch pans. Place covered pans in warm water or uncovered pans in a warm oven with a bowl of hot water, maintaining a temperature of 85 degrees F (30 degrees C). It will take approximately 5 hours for the bread to rise 2 1/2 times the original size. The bread will round to the top of the pans. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bake bread at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and bake for an additional 20 minutes or until light golden brown. YOU CAN DRY SALT RISING CULTURE!!! Save 1/4 cup of a successful sponge and pour it into a saucer, cover with cheesecloth and allow to dry. Store dried flakes in plastic in a cool, dry place or freeze until needed for salt rising bread. When ready to make the bread; dissolve the flakes in the new warm starter and continue with recipe. This will give a flavor boost to your bread. 
Measure first 6 ingredients in order listed into baking pan. Select: Dough/Pasta Setting and press start. When the cycle is complete remove dough to a lightly floured surface. If necessary, knead in enough flour to make dough easy to handle. Roll into a 14X9 inch rectangle. With a sharp knife, cut into eighteen 14X1/2 inch strips. Gently pull each strip into a rope 16 inches long. To shape into pretzels: Curve ends of each rope to make a circle; cross ends at top. Twist ends once and lay over bottom of circle. Place on greased baking sheets. DO NOT LET RISE. Combine lightly beaten egg and 1tablespoon water; brush on pretzels. Sprinkle with kosher salt. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 18-20 minutes or until done. Remove from sheets and let pretzels cool on wire rack. Enjoy! 
In a small bowl, dissolve yeast in water. Let stand 10 minutes. In a 2 quart container glass, plastic or ceramic container, combine 1 cup flour and 1 cup sugar. Mix thoroughly or flour will lump when milk is added. Slowly stir in 1 cup milk and dissolved yeast mixture. Cover loosely and let stand until bubbly. Consider this day 1 of the 10 day cycle. Leave loosely covered at room temperature. On days 2 through 4; stir starter with a spoon. Day 5; stir in 1 cup flour, 1 cup sugar and 1 cup milk. Days 6 through 9; stir only. Day 10; stir in 1 cup flour, 1 cup sugar and 1 cup milk. Remove 1 cup to make your first bread, give 2 cups to friends along with this recipe, and your favorite Amish Bread recipe. Store the remaining 1 cup starter in a container in the refrigerator, or begin the 10 day process over again (beginning with step 2). 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease three 9x5 inch loaf pans. Place the starter in a bowl, stir in the oil, sugar, eggs and vanilla and mix well. Combine the flour, baking soda, baking powder, instant pudding, and cinnamon. Add the flour mixture to the starter mixture and beat by hand. Add the pecans, raisins and apples and mix well. Pour batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 1 hour. 
In a large bowl combine the yeast, sugar, 1 teaspoon of the salt and 1 1/2 cups of the flour. In a sauce pan combine the milk, water and 1/4 cup of the butter or margarine until 110 degrees F (38 degrees C). Add milk mixture and vinegar to the flour mixture and blend at low speed of the mixer until moistened. Beat at medium speed for 3 minutes. Stir in 1 1/2 cups additional flour to form a sticky dough. Turn dough out onto a floured surface and knead adding 1/2 to 1 cup more of flour until dough is smooth and pliable. Place dough in a greased bowl and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume. Punch down dough and roll into a rectangle shape about 16x8 inches. In a saucepan heat the onion, garlic, 1/2 teaspoon salt, parsley and 2 tablespoons butter or margarine until butter or margarine is melted. Spread over the dough rectangle and starting from the 16 inch side roll the dough up tightly like a jelly roll. Place the bread seam side down onto a greased cookie sheet and let rise until doubled in sized. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Bake bread until golden brown about 20 to 30 minutes. Brush hot bread with melted butter and sprinkle with chopped parsley. 
To help insure success have all ingredients at room temperature before proceeding. Combine the white rice flour, brown rice flour, xanthan gum, and salt. Mix very well. The flours need to be completely combined. Combine the gelatin, sugar, egg replacer, milk powder, beaten eggs, vinegar and oil. Beat until well combined. Combine the flour mixture, egg mixture and yeast together and beat well. A standup mixture works best for this. Add tepid water to dough if mixture is to dry. The dough should be somewhere between a normal bread dough consistency and a batter. Pour into greased 9x5 inch bread pan and allow to rise in a warm, still place until doubled in bulk. Bake in a preheated oven at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) until crust is a light to medium brown. Cool ten minutes in the pan, then to room temperature outside the pan before slicing. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Lightly grease a muffin tin. Combine the flour, 3/4 cup white sugar, poppy seeds, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In a separate bowl mix the eggs, yogurt, vegetable oil and lemon zest. Blend well and pour over the flour mixture. Mix until just combined. Do no overmix! Spoon batter evenly between the prepared muffin cups. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 20 minutes. Combine the lemon juice with the remaining 3 tablespoons white sugar. Stir into sugar dissolves. Once the muffins are baked pierce the tops several times with a toothpick. Slowly pour about 1 tablespoon of the lemon juice and sugar mixture over the tops of each muffin. Let muffins cool in pans for 10 minutes before removing them from the tin. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Grease the bottoms only of 12 muffin cups. Beat the milk, oil, lemon yogurt and egg together. Stir in the flour, white sugar, poppy seeds, lemon zest, lemon oil, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Mix until just combined. Divide batter evenly between muffin cups. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). For 16 to 18 minutes or until golden brown. Drizzle with glaze immediately and let cool on rocks. To Make Glaze: Stir the confectioners' sugar with the lemon juice and mix until smooth and of drizzling consistency. Add drops of milk if thinning is necessary. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray two 9x5 inch loaf pans with non-stick cooking spray. Cream the shortening and sugar until light. Beat in the eggs one at a time. Sift together the flour, salt, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves, and nutmeg. Add to the shortening mixture and mix to combine. Thoroughly mash the bananas. Stir bananas into the batter then stir in the walnuts. Pour the batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes to 1 hour or until a wooden skewer inserted near the center comes out clean. Check with a wooden skewer every 15 minutes after 45 minutes of baking. It can take up to 65 to 70 minutes to cook. 
Dissolve yeast and honey in 1/4 cup of the water. Allow to proof and add the remainder of the water and the millet flour. Stir until smooth and then cover. Allow to stand at room temperature for 24 hours. Stir the batter well and mix in the baking soda. Heat a large non-stick skillet over medium heat. Pour about 1/3 cup of the batter into the pan in a spiral pattern to cover the bottom of the pan evenly. Tilt the pan to quickly even out the batter. Cover the pan and allow to cook for about 1 minute. The bread should not brown but rather rise slightly and very easy to remove. It is cooked only on one side. This top should be slightly moist. Remove to a platter and cool. Stack the cooked breads on a plate. 
Dissolve the yeast and sugar in the warm water. Combine the all-purpose flour, pastry flour and salt in a bowl. Stir in the yeast mixture and applesauce and knead. Dough shouldn't be sticky, but it shouldn't be dry either. If too sticky add 1 tablespoon of all-purpose flour till you get the right consistency. If too dry, add 1 tablespoons of water at a time till you get the right consistency. Roll out into a rope and cut into 8 pieces. Shape each piece into a ball and roll out till it's anywhere from a 6 to 8 inch circle There are two ways to cook pita bread. The flavor is a bit different with both. To Bake Pita: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C) and put a pita on a wire cake rack. Toss in the rack and cook for 3 minutes or until the bread stops puffing up. When you take it out, smash down the pita (Careful, its hot!) and quickly put it in a plastic freezer bag. To Fry Pita: Heat olive oil in a skillet over high heat. When almost smoking, place a pita in the pan and cook for a few minutes on each side, till brown spots begin to appear. It should look something like a tortilla when you're done. Put in a plastic bag once it has cooled a bit. 
Place ingredients in the bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacture Select the Basic or White Bread setting. There is no need to select Fruit Bread setting, nor to add the raisins in later. Start the machine. After first knead, bread should be smooth, elastic, and dry to touch. Adjust if necessary with additional flour. After baking, remove pan immediately. Rest for 10 minutes in the pan. Remove bread from the pan, and cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes before serving. 
Put warm water, butter, skim milk powder, 1/4 cup sugar, salt, egg, egg white, flour, and yeast in bread maker and start on dough program. When 5 minutes of kneading are left, add currants and cinnamon. Leave in machine till double. Punch down on floured surface, cover, and let rest 10 minutes. Shape into 12 balls and place in a greased 9 x 12 inch pan. Cover and let rise in a warm place till double, about 35-40 minutes. Mix egg yolk and 2 tablespoons water. Brush on balls. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 20 minutes. Remove from pan immediately and cool on wire rack. To make crosses: mix together confectioners' sugar, vanilla, and milk. Place glaze in a piping bag or a sandwich bag with the corner snipped off; pipe a cross onto each roll. 
In a small bowl, sprinkle the yeast over half the warm milk. Let stand until creamy, about 15 minutes. In another bowl, mix two eggs and butter into the remaining warm milk. Place the whole wheat flour in a mixing bowl and add the salt, nutmeg, currants, and candied citrus peel. Make a well in the center and put in the yeast mixture, butter and egg mixture, and honey. When the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and supple, about 8 minutes. Lightly oil a large mixing bowl, place the dough in the bowl and turn to coat with oil. Cover with a damp cloth and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, make the crosses for the buns: Mix together 1 cup flour and 1/2 cup shortening to make a pastry. Roll out the pastry and cut in thin strips, set aside. Deflate the dough and turn it out onto a lightly floured surface. Divide into 16 equal pieces and form into round buns. Place them on lightly greased baking sheets Hanging the prepared strips of dough over the buns loosely so that they touch the baking sheets on each side. This allows for the expansion of the buns. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Beat together one egg and 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk. Brush the buns with this mixture and leave them in a warm place for 20 minutes to rise. Place a tray of hot water in the bottom of the oven to make it steamy. This gives the buns a thin, soft crust. Bake the buns at 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) for 20 minutes, or until they are golden-brown. Cool them on wire racks and serve them split and buttered. 
Add all ingredients in order suggested by your manufacturer. Select white bread setting and push start. 
For bread machine: Place all ingredients in bread pan as recommended by your manufacturer. Process on "Regular" or "White Bread" cycle. Remove promptly after baking cycle is complete. 
Place ingredients in order suggested by your manufacturer. Select sweet bread setting. Add the raisins and mixed peel when the machine beeps, or 5 minutes before kneading is complete. 
Place ingredients in order suggested by your manufacturer. Select basic bread setting, normal crust. 
Add ingredients in order suggested by your manufacturer. Select "sweet bread" setting. 
Add ingredients in the order suggested by your manufacturer. Set bread-maker for dough setting and start machine. When the unit signals, remove dough. Pat dough into 12x15-inch jelly roll pan or greased 12-inch round pizza pan. Let stand 10 minutes. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Spread pizza sauce over dough. Sprinkle toppings over sauce. Bake 15-20 minutes, or until crust is golden brown. 
Place all ingredients in the bread machine in order suggested by your manufacturer (except for the sun dried tomatoes). Select regular setting, medium crust. At the beep or according to your manufacturer's suggestion add the sun dried tomatoes. Remove immediately at end of baking cycle. Let cool and slice, spread with your favorite topping. 
Add water, flour, powdered milk, sugar, salt, butter or margarine and yeast into bread machine in the order suggested by your manufacturer. Set for basic cycle with the light crust. When alert sound or when indicated by your manufacturer add the garlic powder, 2 tablespoons of the onion flakes and all of the shredded cheese. After the last knead sprinkle the remaining tablespoon of onion flakes over dough. Enjoy hot and fresh bread. 
Add ingredients in order suggested by your manufacturer. Select fruit bread or basic bread setting. Add raisins when indicated by your manufacturer. 
Add ingredients in order suggested by your manufacturer. Select whole wheat setting. 
Add ingredients in order suggested by your manufacturer. Select whole wheat setting. 
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Sift the flour, cream of tartar, baking soda and salt into a bowl. Rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Stir in the sugar and enough milk to mix to a soft dough. Turn onto a floured surface, knead lightly and roll out to a 3/4-inch thickness. Cut into 2-inch rounds and place on the prepared baking sheet. Brush with milk to glaze. Bake at 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) for 10 minutes then cool on a wire rack. Serve with butter or clotted cream and jam. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9x5 inch loaf pan. Combine the flour, sugar and carbonated beverage. Mix well and place into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes. Note: If using a sweetened carbonated beverage cut back on the sugar a little. 
Thaw bread dough. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Divide bread dough into fourths. Roll each fourth into an 8 inch circle. Brush the back of 4 oven-safe bowls with oil or cooking spray. Place bowls upside down on a baking sheet. Place dough circles on bowls. Brush edge of dough with water and fold it back into a "hem" to make a bowl rim. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 18 to 20 minutes. 
Lightly grease one large baking sheet. Divide each roll in half. Roll dough between hands to make a 4-inch long stick. Place sticks on the prepared baking sheet. Brush lightly with egg white or melted butter or margarine. Sprinkle with garlic salt. Sprinkle with parmesan cheese or sesame seeds. Cover and allow to rise until doubled in size, about 30 minutes. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 12 minutes or until golden brown. Do not overbake as these burn easily on the bottom. 
Place ingredient in bread machine in order suggested by your manufacturer. Select sweet bread setting and light crust. Add macadamia nuts when indicated by your manufacturer. 
Place ingredients in order suggested by your manufacturer. Select the sweet bread and light crust settings. Add raisins when indicated by your manufacturer. 
Whisk together the yeast, 1/4 cup warm water and sugar. Allow to sit for 15 minutes. Add ingredients in the order suggested by your manufacturer, including the yeast mixture. Select the basic and light crust setting. 
In a small saucepan, cover peeled potatoes with water. Bring water to a boil and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Let cool and mash. Scald the milk and add the sugar, shortening, 2 cups mashed potatoes and salt. Mix well. In an upright mixer with a dough hook attachment. Add the potato mixture, flour, lemon juice, lemon zest, water, yeast eggs and nutmeg. Mix until well mixed, dough will be a bit sticky. Cover and let rise until doubled in size. Roll dough out on a lightly floured surface and cut with a doughnut cutter. Place the cut doughnuts on a greased baking sheet, cover and let rise until doubled in size. In a hot fryer or deep fry pan heat shortening or canola oil to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Carefully place 2 to 3 doughnuts in pan. Turn when lightly golden. Lift out when done and drain on paper towels. Glaze or roll in sugar. 
Soak the steel cut oats in the boiling water. Let cool to room temperature. Place ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer. Select cycle; press Start. If your machine has a Fruit setting, add the nuts at the signal, or about 5 minutes before the kneading cycle has finished. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan. Combine flour, baking powder, sugar, salt and baking soda. Blend egg and buttermilk together, and add all at once to the flour mixture. Mix just until moistened. Stir in butter. Pour into prepared pan. Bake for 65 to 70 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the bread comes out clean. Cool on a wire rack. Wrap in foil for several hours, or overnight, for best flavor. 
Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Use fingers or a pastry cutter to press in butter or margarine, like a pie crust. When mixture looks fine and crumbly, add raisins and caraway seeds. Mix together and then add eggs, buttermilk, and sour cream. If mixture is not moist, add milk. Pour into two greased and lightly floured loaf pans or a frying pan. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 45 to 60 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the bread comes out clean. 
Dissolve 1/4 cup sugar in 1 3/4 cups warm water, and then add the yeast. Let stand for 10 minutes, or until mixture is frothy. Sift the flour and baking powder into a large bowl. Stir in 2 tablespoons shortening and the yeast mixture; mix well. Knead the dough until smooth and elastic. Place the dough in a greased bowl, and cover it with a sheet of cling wrap. Let the dough rise in a warm place for about 2 hours, or until it has tripled in bulk. Cut the pork into 2 inch thick strips. Use fork to prick it all over. Marinate for 5 hours in a mixture made with 1 1/2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 1/2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, and 1 teaspoon sweet soy sauce. Grill the pork until cooked and charred. Cut roasted port into 1/2 inch cubes. Combine 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar, 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce, oyster sauce, and 1 cup water in a saucepan. Bring to the boil. Mix cornstarch with 2 1/2 tablespoons water; add to the saucepan, and stir until thickened. Mix in 2 tablespoons lard or shortening, sesame oil, and white pepper. Cool, and mix in the roasted pork. Remove the dough from the bowl, and knead it on a lightly floured surface until it is smooth and elastic. Roll the dough into a long roll, and divide it into 24 pieces. Flatten each piece with the palm of the hand to form a thin circle. The center of the circle should be thicker than the edge. Place one portion of the pork filling in the center of each dough circle. Wrap the dough to enclose the filling. Pinch edges to form the bun. Let the buns stand for 10 minutes. Steam buns for 12 minutes. Serve. 
Place the fruit in a bowl with the rum, and soak for at least 1 hour. Sprinkle 1 1/2 tablespoons flour into the fruit, together with the almonds. Stir until the flour is completely absorbed. In a small bowl, stir the yeast and 1 teaspoon sugar into the water. Let stand for 15 minutes. Warm the milk until it is lukewarm, and stir in the remaining sugar until it has dissolved. Stir in the almond extract and lemon rind. Place all but 1/4 cup of the flour in a large bowl with the salt, and make a well in the center. Pour in the yeast mixture, and stir in a little of the flour from the edge of the well. Add egg and the milk and sugar mixture. Beat in softened butter. Mix together to form a dough. Turn dough onto a floured work surface. Knead, using the rest of the flour, for 15 minutes, or until no longer sticky. Knead in fruit and almonds. Clean and dry the bowl, and brush the inside with 1 tablespoon melted butter. Brush the top of the dough with another 2 teaspoons melted butter or margarine, and place it in the bowl. Cover the dough with a clean cloth. Let rise for 2 hours, or until doubled in size. Punch down the dough, and let it rest for 10 minutes. Roll it out into a 8 x 12 inch rectangle. Brush with remaining melted butter or margarine. Bring one long side across it, overlapping it in place with seam by about 1 inch. Press the edge gently to keep it in place. With floured hands, taper the ends of the loaf slightly and push the sides gently together to mound it in the center. The finished loaf should be about 3 1/2 inches wide and 14 inches long. Place the loaf on a floured baking sheet, and brush it with any remaining melted butter or margarine. Leave it in a warm place for 1 hour, or until doubled in size. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 45 minutes, or until golden and crusty. Cool on a wire rack. Just before serving the stollen, sift the confectioners' sugar over the top. 
Dissolve yeast and sugar in 1 1/2 cups warm water. Let stand 5 to 6 minutes, until mixture is foamy. In a large bowl, mix together half the flour, remaining water, garlic powder, salt, oregano, and margarine. Add yeast mixture, and stir to combine. Work in remaining flour 1/2 cup at a time until a soft dough forms. Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface, and knead for 10 minutes. Put dough in large plastic bag, and place in refrigerator. Let rise until tripled in bulk. For a round pizza, break off about 2 cups of the dough. Grease a 15 inch round pan, and sprinkle lightly with corn meal. Roll out the dough to fit the pan, stretching it to fit. Brush crust with olive oil, and sprinkle with cheese. Add desired toppings. Bake at 450 degrees F (230 degrees C) for 18 to 20 minutes. 
In a saucepan, heat milk, water, and butter or margarine until warm. In large mixing bowl, combine 2 cups flour, yeast, 1/4 cup sugar, salt, nutmeg, mace, and cloves; mix well. Stir in warm milk mixture and egg. Blend with an electric mixer at low speed until moistened; beat 3 minutes at medium speed. By hand, stir in raisins, cherries, citron, nuts, and enough remaining flour to make a firm dough. Knead dough on a lightly floured surface until smooth and elastic, 5 to 8 minutes. Place in a greased bowl, turning to grease top. Cover. Let rise in warm place until doubled, about 1 hour. Punch dough down. Shape into a round loaf, and place in a greased 2 quart casserole. Cover, and let rise in warm place until doubled, about 1 hour. Brush top of loaf with melted butter, and sprinkle lightly with 1 teaspoon sugar. Bake at 375 degrees F ( 190 degrees C) for 40 to 45 minutes, until deep golden brown. If too dark, cover loosely with foil last 5 to 10 minutes of baking. Cool. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 x 5 inch loaf pans. Mix together cake mix, eggs, oil, water, pudding mix, sour cream, cherries, and food coloring. Pour into prepared pans. In a small bowl, stir together cinnamon and sugar. Sprinkle tops of loaves with mixture. Bake for 45 minutes. Cool. 
Proof yeast in warm water. In separate bowl place flour, salt, sugar, and oil. Make a well in the center and place yeast/warm water mixture in. Mix thoroughly until consistency of an elastic ball. Allow to rise 1 1/2hours. Flour surface and roll out 1/2 dough. Rub with cornmeal. Sprinkle with your favorite toppings. Spray grill with cooking spray. Grill dough about 5 minutes or until toppings are melted. Repeat with second piece of dough. 
Dissolve yeast in warm water. In a large bowl combine milk, sugar, and salt. Use a mixer to beat in molasses, butter, yeast mixture, and 1 cup of rye flour. Use a wooden spoon to mix in the remaining rye flour. Add white flour by stirring until the dough is stiff enough to knead. Knead 5 to 10 minutes, adding flour as needed. If the dough sticks to your hands or the board add more flour. Cover dough and let rise 1 to 1 1/2 hours or until double. Punch down dough and divide to form two round loaves. Let loaves rise on a greased baking sheet until double, about 1 1/2 hours. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bake for 30 to 35 minutes. 
Stir yeast and sugar, gradually adding warm water. Add about half the flour and the salt and beat well. Add the remainder of the flour gradually to acquire a stiff dough. It may require more or less than 7 cups. Knead 5 to 10 minutes until smooth and elastic. Put dough into a buttered bowl and turn once to butter surface. Cover with a towel and let rise until doubled, keeping it between 80 and 90 degrees F during the entire time of rising, about 2 hours. Punch down dough with your fist and divide into two parts. Knead and shape into 2 loaves and place into loaf pans. Cover again and allow dough to rise to top of pans. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 9x5 inch loaf pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 minutes. 
Color the 5 eggs with egg dye. In a large mixing bowl, blend the white sugar, salt, and yeast well with 1 cup of the flour. In a saucepan, combine 2/3 cup milk and butter, heating slowly until liquid is warm and butter is melted. Pour the milk into the dry ingredients and beat 125 strokes with a wooden spoon. Add eggs and 1/2 cup flour or enough to make a thick batter. Beat vigorously for 2 minutes. Stir in enough flour to make a ball of dough that draws away from the sides of the bowl. Turn out onto a floured board and knead for about 10 minutes, working in additional flour to overcome stickiness. Place the dough in a greased bowl, turning to grease the top. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and put in a warm, draft-free place until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, combine the fruit, nuts, and anise seed. Punch down the dough and return it to a lightly floured board. Knead in the fruit mixture, keeping the syrupy pieces dusted with flour until they are worked into the dough. Divide the dough in half. Carefully roll each piece into a 24-inch rope--the fruit and nuts will make this slightly difficult. Loosely twist the two ropes together and form a ring on a greased baking sheet. Pinch the ends together well. Brush the dough with melted shortening. Push aside the twist to make a place for each egg. Push eggs down carefully as far as possible. Cover the bread with wax paper and let rise in a warm, draft-free place until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour. Bake the bread in a preheated 350 degree F (175 degrees C) oven for about 35 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in a twist comes out clean. Place on a wire rack to cool. Once the bread is cool, drizzle the icing on top between the eggs, and decorate with colored sprinkles. To make icing: mix together confectioners' sugar, 1 tablespoon whole milk, and vanilla. 
Beginning several days before you hope to be eating this bread, rinse the wheat berries in cool water, drain and submerge the berries with cool water in a large bowl. Cover the bowl with a plate or cloth, and allow the berries to soak at normal room temperature overnight or for about 12 hours. The berries will soak up a considerable amount of water. Drain the berries in a colander, cover the colander with a plate to prevent the berries from drying out, and set it in a place away from light and where the sun won't shine on it. Rinse the berries about 3 times a day, and they will soon begin to sprout. In a couple of days the sprouts will reach their optimum length of about l/4 inch. Growth depends on moisture and temperature so be patient. Grind in a food mill or in a food processor. After grinding, dump the mushed up grain onto a clean work surface. Squeeze and knead the grain for about 10 minutes, and then form up 2 small round, hearth-style loaves with your hands. Sprinkle an insulated cookie sheet with a little bran or cornmeal, and put the loaves on it. Preheating the oven is not necessary. Cover the loaves with cloches, and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes. Then turn the oven down to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C), and bake for approximately 2 hours and 15 minutes more. Allow the breads to cool thoroughly on cooling racks for several hours, and then, because of the high moisture content, store in the refrigerator. For best results, slice this bread thinly, or break with hands 
Dissolve yeast in warm water in a large mixing bowl. Add buttermilk, eggs, 2 1/2 cups flour, 1/2 cup margarine, 1/2 cup white sugar, baking powder and salt. Blend 30 seconds with mixer on low speed, scraping sides and bottom of bowl. Beat 2 minutes on medium speed. Stir in remaining 3 cups flour. Dough should remain soft and slightly sticky. Knead for 5 minutes, or about 200 turns on a lightly floured board. Form dough into a round and place it in an oiled bowl. Cover it with a damp cloth and leave it in a warm place to rise until doubled. Divide dough in half and roll each half into a 12x7 inch rectangle. Spread each half with 1 tablespoon soft margarine, and sprinkle with 1/4 cup white sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon. Roll up halves, beginning at wide side. Seal well by pinching the seams. Cut each roll into 12 slices. Coat two 9 inch round cake pans with 1/4 cup melted butter, 1/4 cup brown sugar, and 1/2 cup chopped pecans in each pan. Place 12 dough slices in each pan, leaving a small space between slices. Let rise until doubled. Bake in a preheated 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) oven for about 30 minutes. Invert pans onto serving plate. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease one 12-cup muffin tin or line with paper liners. Combine the bran cereal, milk and apples. Mix well. Beat in the vegetable oil and egg. Combine the flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon and brown sugar. Make a well in the center and stir in the wet mixture. Add the shredded cheese and mix enough until just moistened. Scoop the batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 15 to 20 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a heavy duty baking sheet with parchment paper. To prepare fruit, cover with boiling water and let stand 5 minutes. Drain and dry with paper toweling. In a two cup measure, stir together the egg, buttermilk and vanilla, maple syrup and maple extract. In a food processor bowl, place the flour, oatmeal, corn starch, baking powder, soda, salt and sugar. Process briefly to blend ingredients. Drop in chunks of butter and pulse to cut in. Stop when you have a coarse, grainy mixture. Alternately you can do this by had with a pastry blender or two knives. Remove mixture to a large mixing bowl. Make a well in the center. Stir in buttermilk/egg mixture. Blend in dried cherries. Stir with a fork to make a soft dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead only to get a slightly cohesive dough. Divide the dough into 3 equal size pieces. Pat each piece into an 8 to 10 inch circle, 1/2 to 3/4 inch thick. Cut each circle into eight wedges. Place on baking sheet. Paint tops with beaten egg white and garnish with about 1 teaspoon of the sugar. Bake at 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) for 15 to 18 minutes or until golden brown. 
The night or several hours before, grease and flour a 9 or 10 inch tube pan. Mix brown sugar and pudding mix together. Mix white sugar and cinnamon together. Place frozen dinner rolls in pan a layer at a time. Sprinkle brown sugar and pudding mix over first layer of rolls. Sprinkle sugar and cinnamon mixture over the brown sugar and pudding mixture. Spread half the nuts and melted butter over first layer. Repeat with the next layer. Place on counter over night. Do not cover. Next morning bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 30 minutes. Let stand a few minutes and turn pan over onto serving platter. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Oil bottoms only of medium muffin tins. Mix together cream cheese, 1/4 cup white sugar, lemon peel, vanilla, and 1 egg with an electric mixer. Set filling aside. In a large bowl, mix together flour, 1/3 cup white sugar, baking powder, and salt until well blended. Beat remaining egg, and stir in milk and oil; pour into flour mixture, and stir until moistened. Fill muffin cups about 1/2 full. Spoon 1 teaspoon filling onto batter. Top with batter to 3/4 full. Bake 30 to 35 minutes. Don't brown these; muffins should be light in color. Roll while still hot in sifted confectioners' sugar. 
Mix together sugar, cinnamon, ginger, and anise seeds. In a large bowl, mix flour, baking powder, sugar mixture, salt, milk, and applesauce. Do not overbeat. Stir in diced apples. Spoon batter into 12 greased muffin cups. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes, or until tops spring back when lightly touched. Serve after muffins have cooled a bit, about 30 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Coat a 12 cup muffin tin with nonstick spray. Whisk together flour, baking powder, soda, cinnamon, salt, and sugar. Mix in egg whites, applesauce, and banana mash until just moistened. Stir in chocolate chips. Divide batter into muffin cups. Bake for 15 to 18 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Grease muffin cups. Mix together egg, egg whites, and milk. Stir in coffee powder, water, and vanilla. In a large bowl, mix together flour, malted milk powder, 1/2 cup sugar, baking powder, and salt. Stir in liquid mixture. Mix together really well, until batter is thin and gooey like cake batter. Fill muffin cups 2/3 full. In a small bowl, stir together cinnamon and 2 tablespoons sugar. Sprinkle cinnamon sugar over muffins. Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes. 
Place ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select a Sweet, Raisin, or Basic setting. Start. 
Place ingredients in the pan of the bread machine. Select the Dough setting, and press Start. Mix the bread for 3 to 5 minutes until the bananas are mashed and all ingredients are thoroughly combined. If necessary, use a rubber spatula to push the dough from the sides of the bread pan. When 3 to 5 minutes have passed on the clock display, press Stop. Do not continue mixing. Smooth out the top of the loaf with the rubber spatula. Select the Bake setting, and press Start. The Bake cycle time may vary with machines, but should be about 50 minutes. To test the bread for doneness, insert a toothpick into the center top. Remove the toothpick. If the bread is done, the toothpick will come out clean. If there is batter on the toothpick, reset the machine on Bake and continue to bake an additional 10 to 15 minutes. Test again with the toothpick to ensure the bread is completely baked. Remove the pan from the machine, but allow the bread to remain in the pan for 10 minutes. Remove the bread to cool completely on a wire rack. 
Place ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer. Select the Basic cycle, and press Start. 
Use a canning kettle, and invert the wire rack. Fill with water to just below the wire rack. Bring to a boil on top of the stove. In a large bowl, mix together molasses, oil, milk, sugar, salt, and baking soda. Stir in white and graham flour. Divide batter into two 1 pound coffee cans. Place a double thickness of aluminum foil over top, and secure with rubber bands. Keep water at a slow boil, and steam for one hour. 
In a large bowl, mix together flour, yeast, sugar, salt, black olives, olive oil, and water. Turn out dough onto a floured board. Knead until smooth and elastic, 5 to 10 minutes. Set aside, and let rise about 45 minutes, until it doubles in size. Punch down. Knead well again, for about 5 to 10 minutes. Let rise for about 30 minutes, until it doubles in size. Round the dough on kneading board. Place upside down in a bowl lined with a lint-free, well floured towel. Let rise until double in size. While the bread is rising for the third time, put a pan of water in the bottom of the oven. Preheat oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C). Gently turn loaf out onto a sheet pan that has been lightly oiled and dusted with cornmeal. Bake loaf at 500 degrees F (260 degrees C) for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bake for 30 more minutes, or until done. 
Place ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer. Select the Medium Crust and Basic/White Bread settings, and press Start. 
Mix together shortening, sugar, salt, yeast, and 1 1/5 cups flour. Add warm water and beat by hand about 300 strokes, or 3 minutes, with an electric mixer. Add remaining flour, scraping bowl often, and mix all together until smooth. Cover with a clean cloth and let rise until doubled in volume. Stir dough down gently, and spoon into a lightly greased 9x5 inch loaf pan (the batter should be sticky). Pat down with floured hands to help shape. Cover again, and let rise for about 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bake for about 45 minutes. Place on a cooling rack, and brush top with melted butter. 
Combine the flour, baking powder, and salt. Either by hand or with a pastry cutter, cut in the shortening till the mixture is crumbly. If the mixture looks more floury than crumbly, be sure to add just one or two more tablespoons of shortening till it is crumbly. Add about 3/4 cup hot water to the mixture, or just enough to make the ingredients look moist. With your hand or a large fork, knead the mixture making sure to rub the dough against the sides of the large mixing bowl to gather any clinging dough. If the dough still sticks to the side of the bowl, add a couple more tablespoons of flour until the dough forms a soft round shape. The dough is ready to roll out now, but it is best to let it rest. Cover it with a dish towel, and let it sit for about an hour or so. Take the dough, and pull it apart into 10 to 12 balls. Lightly flour your rolling area, and roll each ball with a rolling pin to about 1/8 inch thickness. Place each tortilla on a medium hot cast iron skillet. Cook for about 1 to 2 minutes on each side, or until the tortilla does not look doughy. 
Cream the cornmeal, salt, and butter together. Add the milk and enough water to make a moist but firm batter. Drop by large spoonfuls onto a hot greased griddle, and flatten slightly with the back of a spoon. When brown, turn and cook the other side. 
Place milk, 3/8 cup water, egg, salt, white sugar, butter or margarine, cinnamon, nutmeg, peel, bread flour, yeast, and raisins in the pan of the bread machine. Select the Dough setting, and Start. Form into 15 rolls. Place into a greased 13 x 9 inch pan. Let rise for one hour. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes. Cool. Make icing with confectioners' sugar and 1 tablespoon water. Drizzle over buns in the shape of cross. 
Scald milk with butter. Cool to lukewarm or room temperature. Crumble yeast in a medium bowl. Add water and 1 teaspoon sugar, and mix until pasty. Set aside. Let rise until spongy. Whisk egg yolks. Add 3/4 cup sugar, and mix thoroughly. Add the cooled scalded milk mixture, and beat until foamy. Mix in yeast mixture. Add flour gradually, beating after each addition. Beat until thick and springy. Add flour only as needed to make a soft dough; too much will make the doughnuts tough. Cover, and let rise until doubled, about 2 hours. Turn dough onto a lightly floured surface. Divide into 3 pieces, keeping dough covered while you work. Divide each piece of dough into 12, and shape dough into small balls. Let rise on floured waxed paper until doubled, about 30 minutes. In a deep-fryer, heat shortening to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Working in batches of 2-4 doughnuts, fry until brown, about 2 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels and roll in sugar. 
Cut the bread and place on a wire rack to dry out a little as you prepare the batter. Whisk the egg to blend. Melt 3 tablespoons of the butter in a saucepan or on the stovetop and allow to cool slightly. Whisk the sugar, salt and spices into the egg. When the butter has cooled slightly, slowly drizzle it in to the egg, whisking all the time. A little at a time, add the flour to the egg mixture to make a smooth thick paste. After it is all added, slowly blend in the milk and finally the vanilla. Whisk until just smooth and set aside. Heat the remaining butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Dip a slice of the bread in the batter and allow to soak for 30 seconds, no more. Remove from the batter and allow the excess to drip off, back into the bowl. Place the battered slice in the skillet. Repeat with the remaining slices. Cook until golden on one side and then flip to brown the other. Serve immediately--a fresh squeeze of lemon juice and a good dusting of powdered sugar is traditional. 
Place ingredients in order indicated by your manufacturer. Select the whole wheat or whole grain setting. 
Dissolve yeast and 1 teaspoon sugar in 1/4 cup warm water; set aside. In small bowl, beat eggs until thick. Put flour in large bowl, making a well in the center. Into the well add yeast, eggs, 1/2 cup sugar, melted butter, milk, 1 cup water, and salt. Beat thoroughly to form a soft, smooth dough. Cover, let dough rise until doubled. Heat oil to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Drop dough by big teaspoonfuls into oil, fry until golden brown. Drain on paper towels, shake in a bag of sugar to coat, and serve hot. 
Place ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select the Dough setting, and Start. After the dough has risen once, remove it from the machine. Knead it a few times, and then shape into a loaf. Place in a greased 9 x 5 inch loaf pan. Allow to rise until doubled in bulk. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes, or until done. Alternatively, choose the Basic or White Bread setting, and Start. 
Sift together oat flour, rice flour, soy flour, baking powder, arrowroot powder, sea salt, and cinnamon. Stir in rolled oats. In a large bowl, mix together soy milk, honey, oil, and lecithin. Stir in the flour mixture, and mix well. The batter will be stiff. Scoop batter into a lightly oiled 9 x 5 inch loaf pan, and smooth into place. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 75 minutes, or until the loaf is firm and lightly browned. A toothpick inserted in the center should come out clean. If loaf gets too dark before it is done, tent with aluminum foil for the remainder of the baking time. Cool completely before removing from pan and slicing. 
Place all ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select White Bread cycle, and Start. 
In a small saucepan, heat sour cream until very hot. Add salt, sugar, and melted butter. Cool until lukewarm. In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. Mix in sour cream mixture, eggs, flour, and chives. Cover, and refrigerate overnight. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease baking sheets or line them with parchment paper. Divide dough into 4 parts; shape each piece into a ball. Cover dough rounds with plastic wrap when not working with them. Roll a ball into a 10-inch circle. Let dough rest while you roll out another circle. Cut first circle into 12 thin pie-shaped pieces. Starting at the wide end, roll up each triangle, ending with the point. Curl the edges in toward the point. Place point-side down on prepared baking sheets. Repeat with remaining dough. Allow crescent rolls to rise until doubled in size, about 30 minutes. Bake in preheated oven until golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Butter 15 muffin cups, or line with paper liner cups. Mix together flours, soda, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Stir pears lightly into dry ingredients. In a large bowl, combine yogurt, oil, honey, and egg. Mix in flour mixture until just combined. Spoon into muffin cups. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until done. 
Allow starter to come to room temperature. Place all ingredients in the bread machine in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select Basic or White Bread cycle, and Medium crust setting. Start. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray an 8x11 inch casserole with nonstick spray. In a large bowl, combine bread cubes, 1 cup sugar, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Mix in raisins, if desired. In another bowl, blend milk, melted butter, and eggs. Add wet ingredients to dry, and mix together without turning bread mixture into mush. Pour mixture into prepared casserole dish. Place casserole dish into a larger baking pan. Pour hot water into baking pan about 1/3 up the side of the casserole dish, creating a water bath. Bake for 45 minutes. In a small saucepan, combine 1/2 cup sugar, cornstarch, 1 cup hot water, 2 tablespoons butter, lemon juice, and lemon zest. Cook on medium heat until bubbling and thickened. Stir constantly to avoid scorching. Serve with bread pudding. 
Heat milk and butter or margarine over low heat until very warm. Combine sugar, salt, yeast, and 1 cup of flour in a large bowl. Stir in hot milk mixture, and beat with mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes. Beat in 1 more cup of flour, and continue beating for 2 more minutes. With a wooden spoon, stir in enough flour (about 2 cups) to make a soft dough. Knead the dough on a lightly floured surface for about 10 minutes, adding more flour as necessary. Cover dough with bowl, and let rest for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, shred muenster cheese. Combine with 1 egg and 1 egg yolk. On a lightly floured surface and with a floured rolling pin, roll dough into a 24 x 6 inch rectangle. Spoon the cheese mixture into a log shape lengthwise along the dough. Fold the dough over the cheese making a 1 inch overlap, and pinch seam to seal. In a greased 9 inch round cake pan, place roll, seam side down, to make a ring. Overlap the ends, and pinch to seal. Cover with a towel. Let rest 10 minutes. Brush loaf with egg white, and garnish with blanched almonds, if desired. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour, until loaf sounds hollow when tapped. Remove bread from pan immediately. Cool for 15 minutes before slicing into wedges. 
In a small bowl, dissolve yeast in water. Let stand for 5 minutes. In a large bowl combine butter or margarine, sugar, salt, and egg. Add yeast mixture and 1/2 of the flour and mix until smooth. Stir in the remaining flour and the seeds. Mix in additional water as needed to make a stiff dough. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead well. Place dough in a lightly oiled bowl, and turn once to coat surface. Cover with a damp cloth and place in a warm spot to rise for about 1 1/2 hours. Roll dough into short ropes about 1/2 inch thick. Join ends to form donut shape. Set aside to rise for a few minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Fill a large saucepan half full of water; bring to a boil. Drop taralli into water and boil for 1 minute. Remove from water, letting both sides dry on a sheet of waxed paper. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) on a lightly greased cookie sheet, turning a few times during baking until medium brown and crisp. 
Mix together flour, sugar, salt, and instant yeast. Mix in shortening. Mix in water. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead by hand for 20 minutes. Cover dough with oil. Place dough in a bowl, cover, and proof for 1 hour. Form rolls, and place on a greased baking tray. Proof for 45 minutes. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 12 to 14 minutes. 
In a large bowl, crumble yeast in lukewarm milk. Add 2 cups flour. Stir well, and allow to rest 1 hour in a warm place. Soften chopped raisins in warm water for 30 minutes. Beat egg, egg yolks, sugar, vanilla, melted butter, salt, and orange zest. Add to yeast sponge. Stir in raisins; add egg mixture and mix until combined. Add 4 cups flour and mix well, forming smooth ball. Dough will be somewhat soft, but not batter-like. Cover dough, and allow to rise until fully doubled, about 1 1/2 hours. Punch down, let rise until double again, about 45 minutes to an hour. On a lightly floured surface, divide dough into quarters. Working with one quarter at a time, divide it into 12 pieces; keep other pieces of dough covered while you work. Roll the pieces into 1/2 inch balls; set aside to rise until doubled in bulk, about 30 minutes. Continue shaping remaining dough. Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Drop 2 or 3 at a time into hot fat, turn when deep golden brown. If removed too soon, dough will be under-done inside. When doughnuts are browned, drain briefly on paper towels and dust with confectioners' sugar or cinnamon sugar (see Cook's Note). 
Toast seeds on a baking sheet in a 350 degree F (175 degree C) oven for 4 minutes; let cool completely. This step is optional. The seeds can be added untoasted. Place ingredients in the bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select Basic bread cycle, and Start. 
Spray bread machine pan with vegetable oil spray. Premix ingredients in order listed. Place mixture in bread machine pan. Select the Quick Bread/Cake cycle. Press Start. Check after 1 minute to see if mixture is well blended. Cook until cake cycle stops. Remove pan, and cool completely before removing bread from pan. 
Place ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select White Bread or Basic cycle. Start. 
Prepare two fillings. Mix together walnuts, 1 cup sugar, and 1/ 8 teaspoon cinnamon. In a separate bowl, mix lekvar with lemon juice and 1/8 teaspoon cinnamon. In a large bowl, combine 1 cup sugar, 2 cups butter or margarine, and 6 eggs. Mix well. Add sour cream, milk, flour, yeast, and salt. Beat thoroughly until dough does not stick to hands. Form dough into 7 or 8 balls. Roll out each ball on a lightly floured board to a rectangle. Brush dough with melted butter. Fill with fillings. Roll tight. Place on greased pans, and let stand for approximately 4 hours to raise before baking. Brush tops with beaten egg yolk just before placing in oven. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 20 to 25 minutes, or until golden brown. 
Place ingredients in order suggested by manufacturer. Bake on normal or basic cycle. 
Prepare roll mix according to package directions, letting rise only once, about 1 hour. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. In a large skillet brown the pork sausage and pepperoni and drain well. In a large bowl, combine the cooked sausage mixture, parmesan cheese, mozzarella cheese, cheddar cheese, 2 beaten eggs, parsley flakes, garlic powder, MSG powder, onion flakes, and oregano. Stir until well combined. Divide the risen dough in two. On a floured board roll out one half to a rectangle about 1 inch thick. Spread 1/2 of the filling over the rectangle. Starting at the wide end roll two times then fold in the sides. Continue rolling until the end, making sure the seal is on top. Repeat with remaining half. Place rolls on the prepared baking sheet. Brush generously with beaten egg. Use toothpicks to help hold the seam shut. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a mixing bowl, combine the baking mix, cheese, and water. Mix until dough is firm. Using a small scoop, place dough on the prepared pan. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 10 to 12 minutes, or until golden brown. Combine the melted butter, garlic powder, salt, onion powder and parsley. Brush over baked biscuits immediately upon removing from oven. 
In a large bowl dissolve the yeast in the warm water and let stand for 5 minutes. Add the olive oil and 4 cups of the flour to the yeast mixture. Stir with a wooden spoon until well incorporated and the pepper and a more flour a little at a time until the dough is able to be kneaded. Place dough on a floured board and add more flour. Make sure dough remains moist. It should be slightly more moist than normal bread dough. Knead dough for 5 minutes. Cover with a warm moist cloth and let rise in a warm place for about 3 hours. Place almonds and about 2 cups of water in a small saucepan and bring almost to a boil. Let sit for 10 minutes. Drain and peel then place the almonds on a baking sheet and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 10 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool. Once dough is ready, divide it into thirds and roll each third out to 1/4 inch thick squares. Cut into 1 inch wide strips. Place about 3 or 4 almond in a row on end of the strips and fold the other end over and seal the nuts well. Twist dough together to form rings and pinch ends together. They should be about 2 to 2 1/2 inch rings. Place the rings on a parchment lined baking sheet. Bake in a preheat 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 30 minutes or until nice and brown. To make them more crispy place them in a roasting pan and return to the oven as it cools. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 12-cup muffin pan. In a large bowl combine the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Cut in the 1/4 cup of the butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Make a well in the middle and pour in the milk. Mix until blended. Turn dough out onto a floured surface and knead 8 to 10 times. Roll dough out into a rectangle 12 inches long and 1 inch thick, trim off any uneven edges. Cream the 1/3 cup butter and the brown sugar, stir in the raisins and ground cinnamon. Drop small amounts into the greased muffin pan. Spread the remainder over evenly over the dough. Starting at the short end roll the dough up (jelly roll style) and cut into 12 pieces. Place 1 each in the muffin pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes. Let sit in pans for 10 minutes then invert to remove. Glaze with a milk a confectioners' sugar mixture, if desired. 
Place the first seven ingredients in bread machine in order suggested by your manufacturer. Select dough cycle. Turn finished dough out onto a lightly floured board and knead 5 to 10 times. Separate into 2 or 3 pieces. Roll with hands into strips. Braid or twist strips together. Place onto a parchment lined baking sheet. Set aside to rise in a warm place until doubled in size. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Whisk together 1 egg white and the water. Brush onto the top of the loaf. Bake in the preheated oven until deep golden brown, about 20 minutes. 
In a large bowl combine 2 cups flour, sugar, salt, and yeast. Heat the milk with the butter or margarine until it reaches 115 degrees F (43 degrees C). Beat together with the eggs and vanilla. Then add the liquid mixture to the flour mixture. Beat at low speed with an electric mixer until flour is moistened. Increase speed to medium, and beat for 2 minutes. By hand stir in the remaining flour to make a medium stiff batter. Cover, and let rise for 1 hour. Punch dough down, and place it in a greased 10 inch tube pan, cover and let rise for 45 minutes. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool in pan for 5 minutes, then remove. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease the bottom of one 5x9 inch loaf pan. In a large bowl combine the flour, brown sugar, baking powder, salt, butter, egg, orange zest, milk and orange juice. Beat at low speed just until moistened. Then beat at medium speed for 2 minutes. Fold in the blueberries and spread into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 60 to 70 minutes or until a toothpick poked into the center of the loaf comes out clean. Cool in pan for 10 minutes then invert onto a wire rack to cool completely before serving. 
In a small pan, combine 6 tablespoons butter or margarine and 1 cup milk; heat to 110 degrees. In a large mixing bowl, combine yeast, salt, 1/3 cup sugar, and 2 cups of the flour. Pour in warmed milk mix. Beat, scraping often, with an electric mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes. Blend in 2 whole eggs and 1 cup flour; beat on high for 2 minutes. With a spoon , beat in enough of the remaining flour to form a stiff dough. Knead on a floured board till smooth, about 5 minutes. Place in a greased bowl, turn to grease top, cover, and let rise until doubled. While dough is rising make streusel. Stir together 1/2 cup sugar and 2/3 cup flour. Mix in 3 1/2 tablespoons cold butter or margarine. Mix to get fine crumbs. Blend in 2 egg yolks with a fork. For chocolate streusel, mix 2 tablespoons cocoa powder with flour. Punch dough down, turn onto floured board. Divide into 14 pieces. Shape each into a ball. Shape 7 into seashells. Squeeze 1/4 cup of streusel into a firm ball; and press over the top of each round. Score with slightly curved parallel lines to resemble a scallop shell. Roll remaining dough into 4 by 8 inch ovals. Top each with 3 tablespoons streusel. To make horns, roll oval from short end; stop half way, fold in sides, and finish rolling. Curl ends in to form a crescent. Place buns about 2 inches apart on a greased baking sheet. Cover lightly, and allow to rise until doubled, about 45 minutes. In a small bowl, beat together 1 egg and 2 tablespoons milk. Brush buns with egg mixture. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) until lightly browned, about 15 to 17 minutes. 
Put all the ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select Wheat Cycle, and Start. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8x4-inch loaf pans. Cream the margarine and cream cheese together. Gradually add the white sugar, and continue beating until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in the mashed bananas and vanilla. Add flour, baking powder, and baking soda; mix until batter is just moist. In a small bowl, mix together chopped pecans, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, and cinnamon. Divide half the batter between the two prepared loaf pans. Sprinkle pecan mixture over the batter in the pans, and top with remaining batter. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center of each loaf comes out clean, about 45 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan. In a large bowl, beat oil and honey together. Add eggs, and mix well. Stir in bananas and vanilla. Stir in flour and salt. Add baking soda to hot water, stir to mix, and then add to batter. Blend in chopped nuts. Spread batter into prepared pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the loaf comes out clean, 55 to 60 minutes. Cool on wire rack for 1/2 hour before slicing. 
In a large bowl, combine 1 cup flour, sugar, salt, and dry yeast. Add milk and softened butter or margarine. Stir in starter. Mix in up to 3 3/4 cups flour gradually, you may need more depending on your climate. Turn dough out onto a floured surface, and knead for 8 to 10 minutes. Place in a greased bowl, turn once to oil surface, and cover. Allow to rise for 1 hour, or until doubled in volume. Punch down, and let rest 15 minutes. Shape into loaves. Place on a greased baking pan. Allow to rise for 1 hour, or until doubled. Brush egg wash over tops of loaves, and sprinkle with chopped onion. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 30 minutes, or till done. 
Pour water into a large bowl. Sprinkle yeast into water, and let it stand undisturbed until dissolved. Stir in 1 cup flour, 1 tablespoon herbs, sea salt, and 2 tablespoons oil until well blended. Mix in the flour, 1 cup at a time until a thick and somewhat sticky dough forms. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface, and knead until smooth and elastic. Form into a ball, and place into an oiled bowl. Flip the dough to coat the surface. Cover the bowl with a clean dishtowel, and let it rise until doubled, about 1 hour. Punch dough down, and divide in half. Shape into an irregular ovals, about 1 1/2 inch thick. Sprinkle cornmeal over 2 baking sheets; transfer dough to pans. Brush each loaf with olive oil, and sprinkle the remaining herbs on top. Make several slashes in the bread, cutting through the dough with a knife. Cover the loaves with clean dishtowels. Let rise again until the dough begins to rise again, about 20 minutes. Place baking sheets into a preheated 450 degree F (220 degree C) oven. Quickly splash a small amount of water onto the floor of your oven to create steam, and close the oven door. Bake until golden, about 20 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 9x5 inch pans. In a medium bowl, mix together flour, baking soda, cinnamon, salt, and nutmeg. In a large bowl, combine eggs, sugar, strawberries, bananas, orange peel, and oil. Beat with an electric mixer at medium speed for 2 minutes. Add flour mixture, and stir just until moistened. Stir in walnuts. Bake for 1 hour, or until loaves test done. Remove to wire rack to cool. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly oil 18 muffin cups, or coat with nonstick cooking spray. In a medium bowl, whisk together eggs, egg whites, apple butter, oil and vanilla. In a large bowl, stir together flours, sugar, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Stir in carrots, apples and raisins. Stir in apple butter mixture until just moistened. Spoon the batter into the prepared muffin cups, filling them about 3/4 full. In a small bowl, combine walnuts and wheat germ; sprinkle over the muffin tops. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the tops are golden and spring back when lightly pressed. 
In a large glass or plastic container, dissolve the yeast in warm water. Stir in the flour and sugar, mix until smooth. (DO NOT USE A METAL SPOON)! Cover loosely and store in a warm place overnight. The next day, stir and refrigerate. Stir once each day for the next four days. On the fifth day, stir, then divide in half. Give half away with feeding instructions. Feed starter with 1/2 cup white sugar, 1 cup flour, and 1 cup milk. Stir until smooth. Cover and place in refrigerator. Stir once each day for next four days. On the tenth day feed again with 1/2 cup white sugar, 1 cup flour, and 1 cup milk. Return to refrigerator and stir once each day for the next four days. On the fifteenth day it is ready to be used for baking. Reserve one cup of the starter in the refrigerator and continue to follow the stir and feed cycle (Stir once a day for four days, stir and feed on the fifth day, ready for use on the tenth day.) 
Bring Herman Starter to room temperature. Stir together flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Stir flour mixture and oil into Herman Starter. It will form a soft dough. On a lightly floured surface knead dough until smooth. Pinch off small pieces of dough and shape into balls OR roll dough out and cut with a biscuit cutter. Place biscuits onto a greased baking sheet, cover and let rise in a warm place for 1 hour. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake in biscuits in the preheat oven for about 30 minutes or until golden. Serve warm. 
Bring Herman Starter to room temperature. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and lightly flour one 9x13 inch baking pan. Stir together Herman Starter, oil and beaten eggs. Stir together the flour, cinnamon, baking soda, baking powder, salt and white sugar. Stir in nuts and raisins. Add the flour mixture to the egg mixture and stir well. Pour into the prepared pan and sprinkle with the topping. To Make Topping: Combine the 1 cup brown sugar, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon. Cut in 1/4 cup softened butter, until the mixture resembles very coarse crumbs. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 40 minutes. While still hot pour glaze over the top and serve. To Make Glaze: In a small saucepan, melt 1/2 cup butter or margarine. Stir in the milk and 1 cup brown sugar. Bring to a boil and let boil for 3 minutes. Immediately pour over hot cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x5-inch loaf pan. In a medium bowl, toss blueberries in 2 tablespoons flour. Gently stir blueberries together with oats, nuts, 1 1/2 cups flour, baking soda, and salt. In a large bowl, cream shortening. Gradually add sugar, beating until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in mashed banana. Add blueberry mixture to creamed mixture, and stir just until moistened. Spoon batter into the prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven until a wooden toothpick comes out clean when inserted in the center of the loaf, 50 to 55 minutes. Cool in pan for 10 minutes. Remove from pan, and cool completely on a wire rack. 
In a small bowl, combine pineapple juice and raisins. Set aside. In a medium bowl, combine flour, baking soda and salt. Stir in cereal. Set aside. In a large mixing bowl, combine brown sugar, oil, honey, and eggs; mix well. Add cereal mixture, and mix well. Fold in the raisin mixture. Batter will be thin; it will thicken as it chills. Cover, and refrigerate for at least 3 hours or overnight. Stir chilled batter. Fill greased or paper lined muffin cups 3/4 full. Bake in a preheated 400 degree F (205 degree C) oven, for 20 to 25 minutes. Cool in pan 10 minutes before removing to a wire rack. 
Combine the vinegar and the milk. Let stand for at least 15 minutes or until the mixture thickens. Add the vinegar mixture, brown sugar, egg, butter, salt, molasses, bread flour, baking soda, caraway seeds and yeast in the order directed by your bread machine's manufacturer. Set machine to basic cycle (fruit bread, white bread, etc depending on your bread machine), medium crust setting. Add the raisins when indicated to by your bread machine's manufacturer. Alternately this bread can be mixed in the bread machine and then bake in the oven. Set bread machine to dough setting. Remove dough, shape into a loaf, cover and let rise in a warm place, until just under doubled in size. This will take about 1 hour. Bake the bread in a preheated 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 30 to 45 minutes. Bread will golden brown and sound hollow when thumped on the bottom. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Lightly grease or line a 12-cup muffin tin with paper liners. In a large bowl blend the banana, egg substitute, soy milk, oil and applesauce together. Stir in the rice flour, sucanat, baking powder and salt. Mix until just moistened then stir in the dried cherries and vanilla chips. Pour batter into the prepared muffin tin, filling each cup 2/3 full. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 30 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease or line two 12 cup muffin tins with paper liners. In a large bowl beat the eggs. Beat in the sugar and oil. Add the cocoa, vanilla, zucchini and stir well. Stir in the flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves and cardamom. Mix until just moist. Pour batter into prepared muffin tins filling 2/3 of the way full. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from pan and let cool on a wire rack. Store loosely covered. 
In a one cup measure combine the milk, eggs, grated orange rind, juice from one orange, and enough water to equal one cup. Place into bread machine. Add the flour, sugar, yeast, salt, butter or margarine, and cinnamon to the bread machine and turn machine onto dough cycle. When cycle is complete, divide the dough into 20 equal portions and roll into balls. Dip balls into melted butter and then into white sugar. Place in greased bundt pan. Let rise for 35 to 45 minutes. Bake in a preheated 375 F degrees (190 degrees C) for 25-30 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes then remove from pan. If desired, glaze with a mixture of confectioners' sugar and orange juice. 
Combine the yeast, whole wheat flour, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, honey, oil, and buttermilk into pan of a bread machine. If baking in bread machine use medium temperature setting. If baking in an oven, use manual or dough cycle to knead dough. Remove from bread maker, and place in a greased loaf pan. Let rise until doubled in size. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F (175 degree C) oven for 25 minutes, or until bottom of loaf sounds hollow when tapped. 
In a large bowl combine Herman Sweet Sourdough Starter, flour, baking soda, salt, baking powder and eggs until well blended. Knead dough in bowl for 5 to 7 minutes, or until mixture is smooth. Let rise in warm place until doubled. Punch down. On a lightly floured surface, press dough into a 10 x 20 inch rectangle. Combine melted margarine, sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl. Spread mixture over dough. Sprinkle with walnuts or raisins, if desired. Starting on long side, roll up dough, jellyroll fashion. Press ends together to make a seam. Cut in 1-inch slices and place in an ungreased, 11x14 inch cake pan. Allow rolls rise to double their size. Bake in a preheated 325 F oven (165 degree C) for 20 to 25 minutes, until lightly browned. 
In a large bowl combine yeast and warm water. Stir until yeast is dissolved. Add Herman Sweet Sourdough Starter, flour, salt, and oil. Mix well. Shape into 16 rolls. Place in a greased 8x8 inch pan. Let stand for 30 to 40 minutes. Bake in a 350 degree F (175 degree C) oven for 20 minutes, or until brown. 
In a large bowl, add boiling water to the first 6 cups of bran cereal, cool. Cream shortening or margarine, sugar, eggs, and buttermilk together. Add to bran mixture. Stir in flour, baking soda, and salt. Fold in the 12 cups of bran cereal. Stir only until moistened. Bake in a preheated 425 degree F (220 degree C) oven for 20 to 25 minutes. 
In a small bowl stir together the warm water, sugar, and yeast. Stir to dissolve and set aside. In a large bowl dissolve baking soda with the 1 1/2 teaspoons warm water. Add the warm milk, salt, and one cup of the flour. Beat with a wire whisk until smooth. Beat in yeast mixture and remaining flour. Batter should be thick, sticky, and smooth. Prepare 2 pie pans with non-stick spray. Dust pans with cornmeal. Place 1/2 dough in each pie pan. Batter will spread during rising time. Spray top of dough with non-stick cooking spray. Cover and let rise for one hour. Repeat spraying of bread with non-stick cooking spray. Bake in a preheated 375 degree F (190 degrees C) for 20 minutes. Allow to cool for an hour before slicing. 
In a large bowl mix together flour, non-fat dry milk powder, baking powder, and salt. Cut in 5 tablespoons of the lard into the dry mixture until it resembles fine crumbs. Add the ice water and mix until the dough pulls cleanly away from the sides of the bowl. Cover with a towel and set aside for 2 hours. Divide the dough into two large pieces. Shape each piece into a circle. Roll each piece out on a lightly floured board to 1/4 inch thick. Make 2 parallel cuts through the dough without cutting all the way through. Let the dough rest briefly. Heat the remaining lard in a large cast iron skillet over medium-high heat. Once it is hot, add the first shaped dough. Fry for 4-5 minutes on the first side, until golden, turn over and finish cooking on the second side for 3-4 minutes. Remove the bread from the skillet and drain onto paper towels. Sprinkle with sea salt, if desired. Keep warm while second section cooks. Cut bread into wedges. Serve warm. 
In a medium bowl mix together flour, baking powder, and salt. In a separate bowl mix sugar, cream cheese, and eggs until light and fluffy. Mix mashed bananas and Chai into cream cheese mixture. Add flour mixture and mix until smooth. Pour mixture into a greased 9x5 inch loaf pan. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F(175 degrees C) oven for 60 minutes. Cool on rack. Remove from pan after 10 minutes. 
In a bread machine pan, place the milk, beaten egg, melted butter, water, vanilla pudding mix, bread flour, sugar, salt and yeast in the order recommended by the manufacturer. Select the Dough cycle. When cycle is finished, remove the dough, and knead for 3 to 5 minutes. Roll out to a large rectangle. Mix together the softened butter, brown sugar and cinnamon. Spread over dough. Sprinkle with chopped walnuts and raisins, if desired. Starting with the widest end, roll the dough into a log. Pinch to seal seams. Cut into 1/2 inch to 1 inch slices, and place in a greased 9x13 inch pan. Place in a draft-free space, and allow to rise until doubled. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake for 15 to 20 minutes. To make frosting, mix the milk, confectioners sugar, softened butter and vanilla in a small bowl. Spread over warm cinnamon rolls. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Break bread into small pieces into an 8 inch square baking pan. Drizzle melted butter or margarine over bread. If desired, sprinkle with raisins. In a medium mixing bowl, combine eggs, milk, sugar, cinnamon, and vanilla. Beat until well mixed. Pour over bread, and lightly push down with a fork until bread is covered and soaking up the egg mixture. Bake in the preheated oven for 45 minutes, or until the top springs back when lightly tapped. 
Place water, salt, sugar, flour and yeast in the bread machine pan in the order recommended by the manufacturer. Select Dough setting. When cycle is complete, let dough rest on a lightly floured surface. Meanwhile, in a large pot bring 3 quarts of water to a boil. Stir in 3 tablespoons of sugar. Cut dough into 9 equal pieces, and roll each piece into a small ball. Flatten balls. Poke a hole in the middle of each with your thumb. Twirl the dough on your finger or thumb to enlarge the hole, and to even out the dough around the hole. Cover bagels with a clean cloth, and let rest for 10 minutes. Sprinkle an ungreased baking sheet with cornmeal. Carefully transfer bagels to boiling water. Boil for 1 minute, turning half way through. Drain briefly on clean towel. Arrange boiled bagels on baking sheet. Glaze tops with egg white, and sprinkle with your choice of toppings. Bake in a preheated 375 degree F (190 degrees C) oven for 20 to 25 minutes, until well browned. 
In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. Add sugar, salt, eggs, evaporated milk, and blend well. Mix in 4 cups of the flour and beat until smooth. Add the shortening, and then the remaining 3 cups of flour. Cover and chill for up to 24 hours. Roll out dough 1/8 inch thick. Cut into 2 1/2 inch squares. Fry in 360 degree F (180 degrees C) hot oil. If beignets do not pop up, oil is not hot enough. Drain onto paper towels. Shake confectioners' sugar on hot beignets. Serve warm. 
In a large bowl, combine the sourdough starter, egg, water, and oil. In a separate bowl, combine the nonfat dry milk, salt, baking soda, and sugar. Stir to blend dry ingredients. Add to sourdough starter and mix until batter is smooth. Bake on a greased 350 degree F(175 degree C) griddle until golden brown on the bottom. Flip and bake on opposite side. 
In a bread machine pan add the milk, water, beaten egg, melted butter, sugar, bread flour, salt, nutmeg, and yeast in the order recommended by the manufacturer. Set machine to the sweet dough cycle (see Editor's Note for using your stand mixer). Once the dough cycle is completed, turn the dough out onto a floured board and let it rest for 10 minutes. Roll the dough out to a 1/4-inch thickness. With a floured cookie cutter, cut into 2 1/2-inch rounds. Place 1/2 teaspoon jam or jelly in center of half of the rounds. Moisten edges with cold water; top with the remaining rounds, pinching edges together firmly. Place the sealed doughnuts on an greased baking sheet. Cover and let rise until doubled in a warm place, about 45 minutes. Heat oil in deep fryer to 375 degrees F (175 degrees C). Fry one layer of doughnuts at a time. Turn doughnuts as they rise to the surface until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from oil, being careful not to poke doughnuts. Drain onto paper towels and toss with sugar, if desired. 
In a medium bowl mix together the flour, baking powder, and salt. In a separate bowl cream together the shortening and sugar. Stir in beaten egg, and milk. Add flour mixture alternately with liquid mixture. Fill greased muffin tins two-thirds of the way full. Bake in a preheated 375 degree F(190 degrees C) oven for 30 minutes. 
In a large bowl combine the whole wheat flour, all-purpose flour, oil, baking soda, and salt. Add enough buttermilk to make a stiff dough. Knead dough for 30 seconds on a well-floured surface. Cover dough to prevent drying. Roll 1/4 cup handfuls of dough into balls and pat into a flat circle. Using a rolling pin, flatten dough into 10 inch circles. Place onto ungreased cookie sheet. Score pieces into pie shapes by running a knife along but not through dough. Repeat process with remaining dough. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F (175 degrees C) oven for 8 to 10 minutes. Cool on wire rack briefly before breaking along scored lines. 
In a large bowl mix together the flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt. Cut in shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Store in an airtight container for up to 6 weeks. 
Place ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer. Select the sweet dough cycle. Five minutes into the cycle, check the consistency of the dough. Add additional rice flour or liquid if necessary. When bread is finished, let cool for 10 to 15 minutes before removing from pan. 
To make the topping, in a small bowl mix the sugar, cinnamon and finely chopped walnuts. Set aside. In a medium bowl combine flour, salt, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Set aside. In a separate large bowl cream butter and sugar. Add eggs and vanilla extract, and mix well. Gradually beat in flour mixture alternately with buttermilk. Stir in apples, walnuts, and semi-sweet chocolate chips. Pour into a greased 9x5x3 inch loaf pan. Sprinkle with topping. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F (175 degree C) oven for 50 to 60 minutes. Cool for 15 minutes. Remove from pan. Cool on a wire rack. 
In a large bowl beat egg yolks. Add the butter, honey, almond extract, boiling water, coconut, and flour. Stir until just blended. In a separate bowl, beat egg whites until stiff with an electric mixer. Fold egg whites into muffin batter. Pour batter two-thirds of the way full into greased muffin tin. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F (175 degrees C) oven for 20 to 25 minutes. 
Mix together the eggs, sugar, vanilla, oil, and zucchini in a large bowl. In a separate bowl mix together the flour, soda, baking powder, and salt. Add to the zucchini batter and mix well. Stir in raisins, nuts, and pineapple until just blended. Pour into 2-9x5x3 inch loaf pans. Bake in a preheated 325 degree F (165 degrees C) for one hour, or until browned. 
Place all ingredients in the bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select dough cycle. Remove after rise cycle and use with your favorite pizza recipe. 
Place all ingredients in bread machine pan in the order recommended by the manufacturer. Select white bread cycle. 
In a medium bowl mix flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon and set aside. In a separate bowl cream margarine and sugar, add eggs and mix until smooth. Stir in milk and mashed banana and mix well. Fold in flour mixture into the liquid ingredients until combined. Fill greased muffin tins two-thirds of the way full. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F (175 degrees C) oven for 25 to 30 minutes. 
In a large bowl mix together the corn meal, flour, salt, and baking powder. In a separate bowl mix together the eggs, butter, and buttermilk. Add to the dry ingredients and stir until well blended. Heat a dry 12 inch cast iron skillet over high heat for 2 minutes. Add corn oil to skillet, swirl oil around to coat bottom and sides. Leave remaining oil in pan. Return to high heat for 1 minute. Pour the cornbread batter into the skillet and cook on high heat until bubbles start to form in the center. Remove from stove. Bake in a preheated 400 degree F (200 degree C) oven for 40 to 50 minutes, or until a knife inserted into the center comes out clean. Serve warm. 
In a medium bowl, blend melted butter with the dried parsley, dill weed, and onion flakes. Cut buttermilk biscuits into quarters. Roll each biscuit quarter in herb butter. Place in 8 inch cake pan, with pieces touching. Pour remaining butter over biscuits. Bake in a 425 degree F (220 degrees C) oven for 12 minutes. Serve warm. 
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). In a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and cream of tartar. Cut in the shortening with a pastry blender. Add the grated cheese, green bell pepper, and pimento; mix with a fork. Stir in milk and mix well. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead 5 times. Roll out to a rectangular shape and cut into squares using a knife or pizza cutter. Place onto an ungreased baking sheet. Bake for 15 minutes, or until browned. 
In a large bowl combine sugar, oil, eggs, and vanilla. Add grated zucchini. In a separate bowl sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, ground ginger, and ground cloves. Blend dry ingredients into zucchini mixture. Pour into two 8x5 loaf pans coated with cooking spray. Bake in a 325 degree F (165 degrees C) oven for one hour. Cool for 10 minutes and remove from pans. Cool on a wire rack. 
In a large bowl mix together the boiling water, shortening, milk, salt, sugar, and potato flakes. Place in the refrigerator until thoroughly chilled. After dough is thoroughly chilled, add the flour, using a pastry blender to cut in. Divide dough into 3 equal size portions. Form into 3 logs. Chill thoroughly in the refrigerator. Heat an electric griddle to 375 degree F (190 degrees C). Divide logs into 8 pieces. Roll to about the size of a 10 inch tortilla. Work additional flour into rounds as needed. Use care to press lightly with rolling pin when forming into rounds as they are much more tender than pie dough. The weight of a large rolling pin is nearly enough. Bake on the griddle until each round feels dry but not crisp. Turn frequently. Cool on cloth. Cover with an additional cloth. Stack pieces on top of each other as they are baked. The steam will create a more tender product. 
Place the water, olive oil, salt, oregano, bread flour, and yeast in the bread machine pan in the order recommend by the manufacturer. Select the dough cycle. Meanwhile, to make the filling, squeeze out excess liquid from broccoli. In a large skillet saute the broccoli and garlic powder with the olive oil. Stir in the grated provolone cheese, grated Parmesan cheese, grated mozzarella cheese, and ricotta cheese. Once bread cycle has finished, remove dough from machine and roll into 8 inch circles. Spread filling on one half of the circle leaving a border around it for closing. Close the calzone by folding the unfilled side on top of the filled side. Crimp the edges closed with your fingers or a fork. Place on a lightly greased baking pan. Let rise in a draft-free area for 30 minutes. Brush tops lightly with olive oil. Bake in a preheated 500 degree F (260 degrees C) oven for 20 to 30 minutes, or until golden brown. 
In a large bowl, proof the yeast by blending it with 1/4 cup of the warm water. Let stand until it bubbles. In a large bowl combine the flour, salt, and sugar. Blend in the one tablespoon of olive oil by rubbing the mixture between the palms of your hands. Make a well in the dry ingredients. Add proofed yeast mixture and work in by hand. Gradually add the remaining warm water. Blend well and gather into a ball. Place one teaspoon of olive oil on a wooden board. Knead dough on board until smooth. Place dough in a greased bowl and cover with plastic wrap and a towel. Let rise in a warm place for 1 1/2 hours or until doubled in bulk. Meanwhile, prepare calzone filling: separate the broccoli tops from the stalks. Soak in cool water with 1 teaspoon salt for 15 minutes. Rinse in cool water. Cook in a large pot of boiling water for 5 minutes. Drain well and chop into small pieces. Place in large bowl with provolone cheese, mozzarella cheese, Parmesan cheese, garlic, pepperoni, olive oil, salt, and ground black pepper. Punch down dough and knead for one minute. Divide into six equal pieces. On a floured board, roll each section into a 8x10 inch rectangle. In a small bowl combine the beaten egg and water. On the long side of the dough, place 2/3 cup filling in a strip one inch away from the edges of the dough. Flatten the filling with a spoon. Brush egg mixture over edges of dough. Fold the dough over the filling. Fold edges under 1/4 inch. Seal edges. Sprinkle two 12x16 inch baking pans with cornmeal. Place three calzones on each baking pan. Brush remaining egg mixture on top of calzones. Prick tops of calzones with toothpick, making holes 1/2 inch apart on top of dough. Bake in a preheated 375 degree F (190 degrees C) oven for 30 minutes, or until golden brown. Serve hot or cold. 
In a large bowl mix together the ricotta cheese, prosciutto, Romano cheese, Parmesan cheese, eggs, parsley, garlic, salt, and pepper. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease two 9x5-inch loaf pans. In a large bowl, mix the brown sugar, banana, eggs, and vanilla. For moister bread, add oil, if desired. In a separate bowl, sift together 3 cups flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, all spice, cardamom, and cloves. Alternately blend the flour mixture and beer into the banana mixture. Toss the walnuts with the remaining flour. Stir in the dates and ginger to the mixture and blend well. Pour into two loaf pans. Bake in preheated oven until inserted toothpick inserted into the center of each loaf comes out clean, about 1 hour. 
In a large mixing bowl blend together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, poppy seeds, and lemon pudding mix. Make a well in the center of the bowl. In a separate bowl, mix together the Amish starter, eggs, milk, applesauce, vanilla, and vegetable oil. Add to dry ingredients and blend until just combined. Pour batter into 2 greased loaf pans. Bake in a preheated 325 degree F(165 degrees C) oven for one hour. Cool for 10 minutes on a wire rack. Remove bread from pan. 
Place ingredients in bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select white bread setting. Start. To bake bread in oven: select dough or manual cycle. Once cycle is complete, shape dough and place in a greased loaf pan. Allow to rise in a warm spot until doubled in size. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 35 to 45 minutes or until a thermometer inserted in the center of the loaf reads 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). 
Place ingredients in bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select whole wheat or dough cycle on bread machine. Start. To bake bread in oven: select dough or manual cycle. Once cycle is complete, shape dough and place in a greased loaf pan. Allow to rise in a warm spot until doubled in size. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 35 to 45 minutes or until a thermometer inserted in the center of the loaf reads 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). 
Sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt. Add the anise seed and mix well. In a separate large bowl cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in one egg, and then the other. Beat for 1 minute. Beginning with the flour mixture, alternately add the milk and flour to the large bowl with the creamed butter and sugar. Mix until all ingredients are incorporated. Spoon batter into a greased 9x5x3 inch loaf pan. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F (175 degrees C) oven for 50 minutes, or until an inserted toothpick comes out clean. Let the bread cool in the pan for 10 minutes before inverting onto a cooling rack. May be stored in the refrigerator for up to 10 days. 
In a large bowl dissolve the yeast in the warm water or potato water. Add sugar and salt and mix well. Stir in 7 cups of the flour. On a well-floured surface, knead dough for 7 minutes, incorporating in the last cup of flour. Place dough in a greased bowl. Let rise until doubled. Using a lightly floured board, form dough into 2 long or round loaves. Sprinkle cornmeal on greased baking sheet; place loaves on top. Slash top with a sharp knife. Cover, and let rise until almost doubled. Brush top of loaves with cold water. Sprinkle with sesame seeds, if desired. Place in a cold oven. Turn oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Bake for 45 minutes, or until nicely browned. Brush twice during baking time with cold water. 
In a large bowl mix together the buttermilk, oil, and mayonnaise. Gradually stir in the flour and mix until all ingredients are combined. Turn dough out onto a well floured surface. If dough is sticky knead in a little extra flour. Pat the dough out to about a 1/2-inch thickness. Use a biscuit cutter to cut dough into pieces. Place into an oiled cast iron skillet. Allow biscuits to rest in the pan for 10 minutes. Bake in a preheated 425 degree F (220 degrees C) until nicely browned, about 20 minutes. 
In a large bowl pour the boiling water over the rolled oats. Add the scalded milk and stir. Pour in the oil and molasses. Stir well. In a separate bowl mix the sugar with the yeast and 1 cup of the flour. When the oatmeal mixture has cooled to lukewarm add the yeast-flour mixture. Stir in the salt and remaining 5 cups of flour. Knead dough for 6 to 8 minutes. Place the dough in a covered greased bowl and let rise until doubled, about 1 1/2 hours. Punch the dough down. Knead for 2 minutes. Divide dough into two pieces and place into greased 9x5x3 inch loaf pans. Cover pans and let rise until almost doubled in size. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F (175 degrees C) oven for 1 hour, or until nicely browned. Let the loaves cool on a rack. Remove loaves from pan; wrap well and store in a cool spot. 
Warm the milk in a small saucepan until it bubbles, then remove from heat. Let cool until lukewarm. In a small bowl, proof the yeast by adding the warm water to the yeast. Let stand 10 minutes. In a large bowl mix together the teaspoon of sugar and 3 cups of the flour. Stir in milk until smooth. Add proofed yeast and mix well. Cover and let rise until doubled in size. Stir in beaten eggs, melted butter or margarine, one cup of sugar, salt, and enough of the remaining flour to make a stiff dough. Cover and let rise for a second time until doubled. Punch down dough and divide into 2 portions. On a lightly floured surface, roll out dough to 1/2 inch thickness. Cut dough with a biscuit cutter. Make 2 slits with a sharp knife in the middle of each doughnut. Cover and let rise a third time until doubled in size. Deep fat fry in oil or lard for 3 to 4 minutes on each side until lightly browned. Rotate to ensure even cooking. Drain on brown paper bags. Toss in confectioners sugar while still warm. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease the bottom and sides of a 9x13-inch baking dish. In a large bowl mix together the cornmeal, flour, salt, baking powder, and sugar. Make a well in the center of the bowl. In a separate bowl, combine the eggs, thawed broccoli, cottage cheese, and melted butter or margarine. Pour into well of flour mixture. Stir until just combined. Pour batter into a greased 9x13 inch baking dish. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F (175 degrees C) oven for 30 minutes, or until golden brown. 
Place ingredients in bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select the Basic or White Bread cycle, and press Start. 
In a large bowl sift together the flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar. Make a well in the center of the bowl. In a separate bowl, mix together the egg yolks, milk, and oil. Pour into well of flour mixture and stir well. Stir just until ingredients are moistened. In a small bowl beat egg whites until stiff. Fold into batter. Cook batter in waffle iron. 
Place ingredients in bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select white bread setting. Start. To bake bread in oven: select dough or manual cycle. Once cycle is complete, shape dough and place in a greased loaf pan. Allow to rise in a warm spot until doubled in size. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 35 to 45 minutes or until a thermometer inserted in the center of the loaf reads 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). 
In a large mixing bowl combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon. Make a well in the center of the bowl. In a separate bowl combine the oil, eggs, sugar, grated pears, pecans, and vanilla. Blend well. Add to well of dry ingredients. Stir until just moistened. Spoon batter into 2 greased and floured 8x5x3 inch loaf pans. Bake in a preheated 325 degree F (165 degrees C) oven for one hour and 15 minutes. Cool on wire rack before removing from the loaf pans. 
Place ingredients in bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select basic setting. Start. To bake bread in oven: select dough or manual cycle. Once cycle is complete, shape dough and place in a greased loaf pan. Allow to rise in a warm spot until doubled in size. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 35 to 45 minutes or until a thermometer inserted in the center of the loaf reads 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). 
In a medium bowl beat butter until it is creamy. Add the Mexican corn flour and water and beat until well mixed. Using a food processor, process thawed corn, but leave chunky. Stir into the butter mixture. In a separate bowl, mix cornmeal, sugar, cream, salt, and baking powder. Add to corn flour mixture and stir to combine. Pour batter into an ungreased 8x8 inch baking pan. Smooth batter and cover with aluminum foil. Place pan into a 9x13 inch baking dish that is filled a third of the way with water. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven F (175 degrees C) oven for 50 to 60 minutes. Allow to cool for 10 minutes. Use an ice cream scoop for easy removal from pan. 
Place ingredients in bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select basic bread setting. Start. To bake bread in oven: select dough or manual cycle. Once cycle is complete, shape dough and place in a greased loaf pan. Allow to rise in a warm spot until doubled in size. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 35 to 45 minutes or until a thermometer inserted in the center of the loaf reads 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). 
In a small bowl, mix together 1/2 cup rye flour with 1/4 cup water to make a thick paste. Cover with a damp cloth, and set aside at room temperature for 24 hours. Stir well, and discard 1/2 of the rye flour paste. Stir 1/2 cup rye flour and 1/4 cup water into the remainder. Cover with a damp cloth, and set aside at room temperature for 24 hours. Repeat for day three. Some activity should now be noticeable: the starter should be bubbly. Stir well. Measure starter, and transfer to a 1 quart glass jar. Stir in amounts of water and bread flour equal to the amount of starter. Add more water until the starter resembles a thick but pourable batter. Set aside for 24 hours. Starter should be very active with lots of bubbles in the batter. Stir well. Measure, and return 1 cup starter to the jar. Begin feeding regularly, every 4 to 6 hours, doubling the starter each time. For instance, if you have 1 cup starter, add 1 cup bread flour and 1 cup water. 
Stem grapes into a medium mixing bowl. Crush with hands. Cover with cheesecloth, and set aside for three days at room temperature. After three days there should be bubbles in the grape juice, indicating fermentation has begun. Strain liquid, and discard skins. Return to bowl, and stir in 1 cup whole wheat flour. Set aside for 24 hours at room temperature. Measure 1 cup starter, discard any extra, and transfer to a 1 quart glass or ceramic container with a lid. Stir in 1 scant cup bread flour and 1 cup water. The mixture should resemble a thick batter; add more water or flour if necessary to achieve this consistency. Cover loosely with lid. Let stand at room temperature for 24 hours. Repeat the following day. Some activity should be noticeable: the mixture should be starting to bubble. Repeat twice more. You will need to discard some of the mixture each day. Starter should be quite active. Begin feeding regularly, every 4 to 6 hours, doubling the starter each time. For instance, if you have 1 cup starter, add 1 cup bread flour and 1 cup water. Alternatively, store in the refrigerator, and feed weekly. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease one 12-cup muffin tin. In a large bowl, beat the applesauce, oil egg, sugar and water together for 2 minutes at medium speed. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, cinnamon, salt, baking soda, allspice and muesli together. Add the dry ingredients to the applesauce mixture. Beat on low speed until combined. Spoon batter into the prepared muffin tin filling each cup 3/4 full. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes or until the tops are golden brown an spring back lightly when touched. Remove from pans immediately to cool. 
In a large bowl, beat brown sugar and softened butter until light and fluffy. Add egg, milk, orange juice, and grated orange rind. Mix well. Stir in buttermilk baking mix and mincemeat until moist. Fill greased muffin cups 3/4. Sprinkle with cinnamon and sugar mixture. Bake in a preheated 375 degree F(190 degrees C) oven for 18 minutes. Remove immediately from muffin pan. 
In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. Add potato flakes, sugar, salt, egg, vegetable oil, onion powder, and 1cup of the flour. Beat until smooth. Stir in remaining flour. Continue stirring until smooth, scraping batter from sides of bowl. Cover and let dough rise in warm place until doubled, about 20 to 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly grease 12 muffin cups. Punch down dough. Spoon dough into 12 greased muffin cups, filling each half full. Let rise until batter reaches tops of cups, or about 20 minutes. Bake in a preheated 400 degree F(200 degrees C) for 15 minutes. Serve immediately. 
In a large bowl combine the flour, sugar, cocoa powder and baking powder. In another bowl, blend the bananas, oil and egg together. Add to dry ingredients, mixing just until blended. Fold in the chocolate chips. Spoon the batter into a greased muffin pan, filling three-fourths full. Bake in a preheated 425 degree F(220 degrees C) for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the muffins to a wire rack to cool completely. 
Heat the milk and the butter together in a medium saucepan, until the butter melts. Remove from the heat and add them warm water. The mixture should be around 110 degrees F (43 degrees C). In a large bowl combine 1 cup of the flour, yeast, salt, anise seed and 1/4 cup of the sugar. Beat in the warm milk mixture then add the eggs and orange zest and beat until well combined. Stir in 1/2 cup of flour and continue adding more flour until the dough is soft. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic. Place the dough into a lightly greased bowl cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size. This will take about 1 to 2 hours. Punch the dough down and shape it into a large round loaf with a round knob on top. Place dough onto a baking sheet, loosely cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place for about 1 hour or until just about doubled in size. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for about 35 to 45 minutes. Remove from oven let cool slightly then brush with glaze. To make glaze: In a small saucepan combine the 1/4 cup sugar, orange juice and orange zest. Bring to a boil over medium heat and boil for 2 minutes. Brush over top of bread while still warm. Sprinkle glazed bread with white sugar. 
In a medium bowl place cracked wheat and pour hot water, (does not need be boiling), over wheat. Add melted margarine, molasses, honey, nonfat milk, flax seed and sunflower seeds and mix well. Cool to lukewarm and stir in the sourdough starter. With a large wooden spoon start stirring in the flours, 1 cup at a time, beginning with the whole wheat then the bread flour. When dough is stiff enough to work, turn out onto a floured surface and knead a good 10 to 12 minutes, working in as little of the remaining flour as necessary. When smooth and elastic, shape dough into a ball and put it into a greased bowl, turning to coat all sides. Cover, place in a warm, draft-free spot, and let rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 1/2 hours, punch down risen dough and set aside again to rise in a warm spot until doubled, about 1 hour. When the second rising is complete, punch down the dough and shape into two loaves. Place dough in two well-greased 9x5 inch loaf pans, cover and let rise again until doubled in bulk, or until the dough reaches the tops of the pans, about 1 hour. Brush tops with an egg wash, made by whisking one tablespoon water into one whole egg until well blended. Bake in a preheated 375 degree (190 degrees C) oven for 30 minutes, after 15 minutes rotate pans and spray with cold water, continue baking until the loaves test done by the hollow sound made when tapped on the top and bottom. Cool on racks in the pans for 10 minutes, then turn out onto the racks to cool completely. 
In a large bowl mix the starter, egg, vegetable oil, sugar and vanilla together. Stir in the salt, buckwheat flour, all-purpose flour, baking soda and ginger. Mix until just combined. Adjust consistency with more flour or some water, depending upon how thick your starter is. The batter should be pourable, but not runny. Heat a griddle to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly grease griddle and ladle 1/4 to 1/3 cup of batter onto hot greased griddle. Cook for about 3 to 4 minutes or until top is full of bubbles. Use a spatula to turnover and cook other side for and additional 2 minutes or so. Serve hot! 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly grease one 12-cup muffin tin. In a large bowl combine the sourdough starter, egg, milk, oil and vanilla. Stir in the salt, flour, sugar and cinnamon until just combined. Fold in the chocolate chips. Fill muffin tins about 2/3 of the way full. Bake at 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes or until muffins test done. 
Preheat oven to 350 degree F (175 degrees C). Line a mini muffin pan with paper liners. In a large bowl, cream together the butter or margarine and sugar. Add eggs, and beat until smooth. Blend in cinnamon, allspice, baking powder, and baking soda. Alternately add in a half cup of applesauce, one cup of flour, remaining applesauce, and remaining flour. Stir until just blended together. Pour batter into muffin cups 2/3's of the way full. Bake in preheated 350 degree F (175 degrees C) oven for 17 minutes. 
Combine light corn syrup, butter and sugar in saucepan; simmer until syrup-like. Pour mixture over the bottom of a 9"x 13" pan. Slice bread into 12-16 slices; place over the syrup. Layer as needed. Beat together the eggs, milk, vanilla, and salt. Pour over bread. Cover with saran wrap. Refrigerate overnight. Bake in a preheated oven 350 degree F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes. Cut into squares. Invert and serve. 
In a large bowl mix together the flour, baking soda, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg, ground ginger, and ground cloves. In a separate bowl cream together the sugar and butter or margarine. Add eggs and beat until smooth. Alternately add the creamed ingredients and pumpkin to the dry ingredients. Fold in chocolate chips and chopped nuts. Spoon into two greased 9x5 inch loaf pans. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F(175 degrees C) oven for 45 to 50 minutes. To make the glaze: In a small bowl, combine confectioners sugar, 1/8 teaspoon cinnamon, and 1/8 teaspoon nutmeg. Add milk, and mix until smooth. Drizzle over warm cake. 
In a large bowl, stir together the flour and cornmeal. Add baking powder and salt, and mix together well. Stir in water to form a crumbly dough. Work dough with your hands until it holds together. On a floured surface, knead dough until smooth. Divide dough into 10 to 12 pieces. Roll each into the shape of a ball. Cover lightly with saran wrap and let rest for 10 to 15 minutes. Flatten each piece of dough by hand, then roll into a 8 to 9 inch round. Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Lightly grease the hot pan, and place one tortilla in the pan. Cook tortilla until light brown, turning to ensure equal browning. Repeat with remaining tortillas. 
Place ingredients in bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select White Bread setting. Start. To bake bread in oven: select dough or manual cycle. Once cycle is complete, shape dough and place in a greased loaf pan. Allow to rise in a warm spot until doubled in size. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 35 to 45 minutes. 
Place ingredients in bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select dough cycle. Start. Add water if needed while the dough is mixing. Once cycle is complete, shape dough into 8 to 10 balls. Arrange in a greased 9 inch pie pan. Allow to rise in a warm spot until doubled in size. Bake in a preheated 400 degree F (205 degree C) oven for about 45 minutes, or until the rolls begin to brown. 
Soak raisins in coffee until plump. Do not drain. Cream together the shortening, sugar and eggs. Blend in molasses and vanilla. In a large bowl mix together the cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, ginger, flour, baking soda, and salt. Make a well in the center of the bowl. Add the liquid ingredients to the well in the dry ingredients. Stir in coffee with raisins and nuts. Pour batter into a greased 9x5 inch loaf pan. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F(175 degrees C) oven for one hour. 
Place ingredients in bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select white bread setting. Start. To bake bread in oven: select Dough cycle. Once cycle is complete, shape dough and place in a greased loaf pan. Allow to rise in a warm spot until doubled in size. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 35 to 45 minutes. 
In a medium bowl, blend together warm water, melted margarine, sugar, and 3 beaten eggs In a large bowl, mix together yeast, salt, and 7 cups of the flour. Gradually stir in liquid ingredients, and mix until dough holds together. Knead dough on a floured surface with remaining flour until smooth. Split the dough into 2 large pieces. Split the 2 large pieces into 3 pieces each. Roll each third into a rope 3/4 inch thick and braid 3 strands together. Repeat. Place shaped dough onto greased cookie sheets. Brush dough with remaining beaten egg. Add poppy or sesame seeds, if desired. Let rise in a warm place until doubled in size. Bake in a preheated 325 degree F(165 degrees C) oven for 20 to 30 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). In a large bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center. In a small bowl beat egg, milk and oil together. Pour all at once into the well in the flour mixture. Mix quickly and lightly until moistened, do not beat. The batter will be lumpy. Gently stir in jam. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 25 minutes or until golden. 
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Grease and flour six 6-ounce custard cups. In a medium bowl beat eggs slightly, Beat in flour, milk and salt until just smooth; being careful not to overbeat. Fill custard cups 1/2 full. Bake at 450 degrees F (230 degrees C) for 20 minutes. Decrease oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and bake for 20 minutes more. Immediately remove from cups and serve piping hot. 
In a small bowl, pour rum over raisins. Let stand for 30 minutes and drain. Place ingredients in pan in the order recommended by the manufacturer. Use the regular setting for a 1 pound loaf. If your machine has a Fruit setting, add the raisins at the signal, or about 5 minutes before the kneading cycle has finished. 
Place ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select White Bread setting, and Start. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan. In a large bowl, combine the sugar, flour, cinnamon walnuts, apples, and cheese. Add the eggs, melted butter or margarine, and milk; stir until well blended. Pour into prepared loaf pan. Bake in preheated oven for 1 hour, or until done. If loaf starts to brown too much, cover with foil. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9x5 inch loaf pan. In a small saucepan, combine the raisins and the rum. Cook over medium heat until simmering, then remove from the heat and allow to cool 10 minutes. In a large bowl, mix together the mashed bananas, brown sugar, canola oil, and eggs with an electric mixer for 1 minute. Sift together the all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and ground cardamom; stir into the egg mixture with a spoon until well blended, Stir in the walnuts and the rum soaked raisins last. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 50 to 60 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted comes out clean. Allow bread to cool slightly before removing from the pan. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 9x5 inch loaf pans. Sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, and pumpkin pie spice. Set aside. In a large bowl, beat together sugar, oil, eggs, and pumpkin. Stir in flour mixture alternately with water. Divide batter evenly between the prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven for 60 to 70 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. For best flavor, store wrapped in plastic wrap at room temperature for a full day before serving. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F ( 165 degrees C ). Grease an 8x4 inch loaf pan. In a medium bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder, salt, nutmeg cinnamon, and sugar. Add the eggs, oil, and milk; mix until well blended. Finally, stir in the mashed sweet potatoes, pecans, and golden raisins. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake for 70 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted comes out clean. Allow bread to cool in the pan at least 15 minutes before removing. For best flavor, store overnight before serving. 
In a large bowl, dissolve the yeast and brown sugar in the water, and let sit for 10 minutes. Stir the salt and oil into the yeast solution. Mix in 2 1/2 cups of the flour. Turn dough out onto a clean, well floured surface, and knead in more flour until the dough is no longer sticky. Place the dough into a well oiled bowl, and cover with a cloth. Let the dough rise until double; this should take about 1 hour. Punch down the dough, and form a tight ball. Allow the dough to relax for a minute before rolling out. Use for your favorite pizza recipe. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). If you are baking the dough on a pizza stone, you may place your toppings on the dough, and bake immediately. If you are baking your pizza in a pan, lightly oil the pan, and let the dough rise for 15 or 20 minutes before topping and baking it. Bake pizza in preheated oven, until the cheese and crust are golden brown, about 15 to 20 minutes. 
Mix together the buttermilk with the baking soda. Set aside. Cream shortening, sugar, eggs and vanilla. Beat well. Add buttermilk and baking soda mixture. Sift dry ingredients, and add to creamed mixture. Add boiling water, and mix well. Pour into a greased and floured 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for approximately 35 minutes, or until toothpick comes out clean. Let cool. I frost with cream cheese frosting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13 inch pan. Add sugar into melted butter, stir until sugar is melted and blended with butter. Beat in eggs. Stir in self-rising flour bit by bit until mixture is well blended. Stir in one of the optional ingredients, if desired, according to your own taste to add special flavor to your cake. Bake for 25 minutes in a preheated oven. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13 inch cake pan. Cream together 1/2 cup butter and 1/2 cup peanut butter. Stir in white and brown sugars and beat well, then add the beaten eggs and 3/4 teaspoon of vanilla. Sift together flour, baking powder and salt. Add the flour mixture into the batter alternately with the milk. Pour batter into the prepared pan and bake for 35 minutes. Frost when cool. To Make Frosting: Blend together 1/8 cup butter or margarine, 3 cups confectioners' sugar, 4 1/2 tablespoons evaporated milk and 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract, stirring slowly until mixture holds its shape. Then beat until very smooth. If necessary, gradually add tiny amounts of evaporated milk to bring to spreading consistency. 
In a large, non-metallic bowl, combine sourdough starter, water, flour and powdered milk. Let ferment uncovered, for 2 to 3 hours in a warm place until bubbly and a clear sour milk odor develops. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Coat a 9x13 inch pan with cooking spray and, using a small sieve or shaker, dust lightly with cocoa powder. In a separate large bowl, mix together sugar, oil, salt, vanilla, cinnamon and baking soda. Add eggs, melted semi-sweet baking chocolate, and cranberry sauce. Combine the mixtures together and stir until well blended. Pour into a 9x13 inch baking pan. Bake in a preheated oven at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes, or until knife inserted into center comes out clean. Cool at least 10 minutes before serving, excellent served slightly warm. Garnish by sifting powdered sugar onto a paper doily or just dollop spoonfuls of whole berry cranberry sauce on top of each serving of cake. This cake can also be baked in 2 - 8 inch round layer cake pans, baking time is decreased to 20 to 25 minutes or until knife inserted comes out clean. Another can of whole berry cranberry sauce can be spread generously between and on top of the unfrosted layered cake rounds for an impressive look during the holidays! 
Pre-heat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9 or 10 inch tube cake pan. In a large bowl, combine cake mix and sugar. Make a well in the center, and pour in oil, sour cream, eggs and lemon extract. Beat on low speed until blended. Scrape bowl, and beat 4 minutes on medium speed. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake 40-45 minutes, or until cake when tested with a toothpick comes out clean. Cool in pan 15 minutes. Flip out and finish cooling on rack. Store in covered container. 
Cream together butter or margarine, vegetable oil and sugar. Add eggs, sour milk, and vanilla. Blend well. In a separate bowl, sift dry ingredients together. Blend dry ingredients into the butter mixture. Add grated zucchini, and mix well. Spread in a greased floured 9 x 13 inch pan. Sprinkle walnuts and chocolate chips on top. Bake in a preheated 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) oven for 45 minutes. 
Grease a 10 x 14 inch pan; line with waxed paper. Mix fruits and nuts in a large bowl. Sift dry ingredients in a separate bowl. Mix eggs, corn syrup, sugar and oil in a medium size bowl. Gradually beat in dry ingredients. Pour over fruit mixture and mix. Firmly pack into pan. Bake at 275 degrees F (135 degree C) about 2 hours and 15 minutes, or until top appears dry. Cool in pan. 
To make the crust, combine vanilla wafer crumbs, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 1 tablespoon sugar, and 1 tablespoon cocoa; toss with a fork to mix. Press into bottom of a 9-inch springform pan. Wrap the pan bottom in aluminum foil. Refrigerate while preparing the filling. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bring a kettle of water to a boil. Grate or finely chop the semisweet chocolate and put it into the top of a double boiler. Place over hot water. When almost melted, remove from heat and stir until completely melted. (Chocolate can also be melted in a microwave in 30-second increments, stirring frequently.) Set aside. Combine cream cheese and 1 cup sugar; mix with an electric mixer until well blended. Dissolve coffee powder in 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur. Add the coffee mixture and the cooled melted chocolate to the cream cheese batter; mix until combined. Add the eggs one at a time, mixing just until incorporated. Pour the filling into the prepared crust; tap the pan on the countertop to smooth the surface and settle the batter. Place springform pan in a large baking dish. Place baking dish on oven rack; carefully pour boiling water into the baking pan until it comes halfway up the sides of the cheesecake pan. Bake in a preheated oven for 1 hour. Remove the pan from the oven, and remove the springform pan from the water bath; discard any remaining water. For the topping, stir together the sour cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon coffee liqueur and 1 teaspoon of cocoa. Spread over the top of the hot cheesecake. Return cheesecake to the oven for 5 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool to room temperature. Refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight before serving. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9X13 inch pan with non-fat cooking spray. In large mixing bowl, beat egg whites. Slowly beat in sugar, then applesauce, skim milk, and vanilla. Stir in cloves, nutmeg, cinnamon, baking soda, and flour. Stir in, one ingredient at a time, pineapple (with juice), carrots, walnuts, and raisins. Pour into the prepared pan. Bake for 35 - 40 minutes in the preheated oven. It is done when toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. 
Chop cookies very fine in food processor. The white cream will disappear. Mix butter, cream cheese, and sugar in bowl. In a large bowl mix milk, pudding and whipped topping together. Combine pudding mixture and cream mixture together. Layer in flower pot, starting with cookies then cream mixture. Repeat layers. Chill until ready to serve. Add artificial flower and trowel. Enjoy! 
Mix water and oatmeal in mixing bowl, and let sit 10 minutes. Add sugars, butter or margarine, and eggs. Mix well. Add flour, baking soda, cocoa, and salt. Blend. Pour into greased and floured 10 x 15 x 1 inch jelly roll pan. Top with chocolate chips and chopped nuts. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 20 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour tube or bundt pan. Blend eggs, oil, and sugar until creamy. Add flour, a little at a time. Blend well. Batter will be stiff. Fold in apples, coconut, and nuts. Pour into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 60 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Let cool 30 minutes in pan, then remove. To Make Topping: Melt butter or margarine, sugar, and milk in saucepan over high heat. Bring to boil for 3 minutes. Pour over cooled cake. 
Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10x15 inch jelly roll pan. In a small bowl, combine pie filling, almonds and almond extract and set aside. In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder and salt; set aside. In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, mixing well each time. Add flour mixture, alternating with milk. Mix thoroughly. Spoon 1/2 of batter into a greased 10x15 inch jellyroll pan. Spread cherry mixture over batter, then spoon remaining batter over cherries. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 45 minutes or until light brown. Allow to cool completely before frosting. To Make Icing: Blend softened butter or margarine, confectioners' sugar, and almond extract with enough milk for drizzling consistency and drizzle over cake. 
In a large bowl, combine all the dry ingredients together. Combine all the wet ingredients together in another bowl. Pour the liquid ingredients all at once into the dry ingredients, and beat until smooth. Pour batter into a greased 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 20-25 minutes. Let cool in pan. When cool sprinkle with confectioners' sugar. 
Cream together 1 cup butter or margarine, egg yolks, and 2 cups white sugar. Alternately mix in flour and buttermilk. Add baking soda. Mix in 1 cup walnuts and coconut. Beat egg whites, and fold into batter. Pour batter into three greased and floured 9 inch round cake pans. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven. Combine cream cheese, 1/2 cup butter or margarine, confectioners' sugar, and vanilla extract. Spread onto cooled cake. Top iced cake with chopped walnuts. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a 15x10 inch jelly roll pan. Bring 1 cup butter, water and 4 tablespoons cocoa to a boil in a large saucepan. While still hot, remove from heat and add 2 cups flour, 2 cups white sugar, and salt. Mix well. Beat in eggs, sour cream, and baking soda. Do not beat too long. Pour batter into greased 15x10 inch jelly roll pan. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into center of cake comes out clean. To Make Icing: Bring 1/2 cup butter or margarine, 4 tablespoons cocoa and 5 tablespoons milk to a boil. Remove from heat. While still hot, add confectioners' sugar vanilla and nuts. Beat well. Ice cake while icing is still hot. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10 inch Bundt pan. In a medium bowl, mix the flour, baking powder and baking soda together and set aside. In a separate small bowl, combine 1/2 cup sugar, cinnamon, and nuts. Set aside. In a large bowl, cream butter and 2 cups white sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, sour cream, and vanilla extract. Add flour mixture and beat until well combined. Pour half of batter into Bundt pan. Sprinkle half of the nut mixture on top of batter in pan. Add remaining batter, and sprinkle with the last of the nut mixture. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 to 60 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into cake comes out clean. 
Boil raisins in 2 cups of water for 15 minutes. Remove from heat. Add vegetable oil and cold water to the raisins. Mix sugar, flour, spices, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Add the raisin mixture, and stir till just mixed. Pour into a greased and floured 9 x 13 inch baking pan, and bake for one hour in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven. It is done if a toothpick comes out clean. 
Cream together the shortening, sugar, and eggs. Make a paste with food coloring and cocoa. Add to shortening mixture. Add salt and buttermilk to mixture. Next add flour, vanilla, vinegar, and baking soda in that order. Mix. Bake for 30 minutes at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) in two 8 inch round greased and floured cake pans. Let cool. To Make Frosting: Cook 5 tablespoons flour and 1 cup milk until thick, and then cool. Cream together 1 cup confectioners' sugar, 1 cup butter or margarine and 1 teaspoon vanilla 'til fluffy. Add to flour mixture. Cut layers of cake in half lengthwise. Spread frosting on each half layer. Stack and frost over all. 
In 9 x 13 inch pan, mix together flour, 2 cups white sugar, baking soda, 1/3 cup cocoa, and salt. Add vegetable oil, vinegar, and vanilla. Pour water over all. Stir and mix the batter. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 30-35 minutes. To Make Frosting: Mix together 2 cups sugar, 1/3 cup cocoa,1/2 cup milk, and 1/2 cup butter. Boil in saucepan for 2 or 3 minutes. Set aside to cool. Ice cake...be sure icing is quite cool before pouring onto cake. 
Cream together until fluffy the eggs, sugar, butter or margarine, and water. In another bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa, baking soda, and spices. Add dry ingredients to creamed mixture and mix well. Fold in chocolate chips, apple, and vanilla extract. Stir until these ingredients are evenly distributed. Spoon into greased, floured 10 inch bundt or loose bottom tube pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 60 to 70 minutes until cake tests done. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C.) Wrap the outside bottom of a 10 inch springform pan with foil to prevent water seeping in while baking. Cream together ricotta cheese, cream cheese and sugar until smooth. Mix in the eggs one at a time. Add flour one tablespoon at a time, mixing well. Stir in the sour cream and vanilla. Pour mixture into a 10 inch springform pan. Place cheesecake in a large rectangular pan filled with 2 inches of hot water. Carefully put into preheated oven without spilling water. Bake for 90 minutes. After 90 minutes turn oven off, but leave the cake in the oven for another 60 minutes (do not open door). Cool on counter for 60 minutes and then refrigerate. Serve when thoroughly chilled. 
Pour water over oats, let stand. Cream 1/2 cup butter or margarine and sugars. Add eggs and blend in a large mixing bowl. Sift the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg together. Add to sugars and egg mixture. Add vanilla and oats mixture, blend well. Pour batter into a 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 30-40 minutes. To Make Icing: Mix together 6 tablespoons melted butter, 1 1/2 cups brown sugar, 3/4 cup evaporated milk, coconuts, nuts, and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Pour this coconut concoction over the hot cake. Put cake under broiler, and watch close so nuts don't burn, about 5-10 minutes. Serve hot or let cool. Enjoy. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Sift together the flour, baking soda and salt. Set aside. In a large bowl, beat 1/2 cup butter or margarine and 2 1/2 cups brown sugar until well mixed. Add eggs one at a time. Beat in the vanilla and melted chocolate squares. Add 1/2 the sour cream and then 1/2 the dry ingredients to the butter mixture until well blended. Add the remaining sour cream and dry ingredients to the batter. Stir in boiling water. Bake in a greased 9 X 13 inch pan for 35 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes before icing. To Make Caramel Icing: First melt 1/2 cup butter in a saucepan. Stir in 1 cup brown sugar and boil about 2 minutes. Stir in 1/4 cup milk and bring to a boil. Place pan in cold water and stir in the confectioners' sugar. Continue stirring until smooth. Spread over still warm cake. 
In a bowl, mix together crushed cookies and graham crackers with melted butter and the 3 tablespoons sugar. Press into a 7 inch springform pan. Place in refrigerator until ready for use. In another bowl, beat cream cheese, 1/3 cup of sugar and lemon juice. Whip cream, and fold into cream cheese mixture. Spread into pan. Top with sliced strawberries (optional). Freeze for 1 hour, covered with foil. Place in refrigerator 30 minutes before serving. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a 9 x 13 inch pan with parchment paper. In a large bowl, combine pumpkin, evaporated milk, eggs, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger and cloves. Mix until smooth and pour into a 9x13 inch pan. Sprinkle dry cake mix over pumpkin mixture, then sprinkle chopped nuts and pat down gently. Melt butter or margarine and drizzle over cake. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for approximately 45 to 60 minutes. (Be sure to check the cake after 45 minutes because oven temperatures vary.) After cake cools, turn it upside down so the top of the cake will be the crust. Remove the parchment paper. Top with dessert topping (optional) before serving. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13 inch pan. In a large bowl, combine grated carrots, flour, white sugar, baking soda, baking powder, salt and cinnamon. Stir in eggs, applesauce, oil, 1 1/4 teaspoon vanilla, pineapple and 3/4 cup chopped pecans. Spoon batter into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow to cool. To Make Frosting: In a medium bowl, combine confectioners' sugar, Neufchatel cheese, 1/2 cup butter or margarine and 1 1/4 teaspoons vanilla. Beat until smooth, then stir in 1 cup chopped pecans. Spread on cooled cake. 
Combine milk, sugar, egg yolks, butter and vanilla in a saucepan. Cook on medium heat until thick, approximately 12 minutes. Stir constantly. Remove from heat, and add coconut and macadamia nuts. Continue to stir until cool and thick enough to spread on your cake. Frost. This will cover a 9x13 inch rectangular cake or a two 8 inch layer round cake. 
In a large bowl, mix together vegetable oil, white sugar, eggs, baby food, and food coloring. In separate bowl, mix together flour, cloves, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt, baking soda and nuts. Mix wet and dry ingredients together. Place in greased and floured bundt pan, (you can also use cooking spray). Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50-60 minutes or until it tests done. Remove from oven to cool 10 minutes in pan. Remove and place on cooling rack. While cooling, combine confectioners' sugar and lemon juice. Brush over top while cake is still hot. 
In a small saucepan, cover carrots with water. Bring water to a boil and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Let cool and mash. In a large mixing bowl, beat eggs. Add vegetable oil, buttermilk, 2 cups white sugar and 2 teaspoons vanilla. Add flour, baking soda, ground cinnamon and salt. Mix in pineapple, 2 cups mashed carrots, nuts and coconut. Pour into paper towel-lined 13 x 9 x 2-1/2 inch pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 55 minutes, or until cake tests done. Place cake on a plate, and allow to cool completely before frosting. To Make Frosting: Combine cream cheese, melted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, and confectioners' sugar. Spread on cooled cake. Cake tastes best after refrigerating overnight. 
Combine gelatin mix and cake mix. Mix well. Add next 4 ingredients - oil, eggs, water and lemon extract. Mix lightly. Bake according to instructions on back of cake box. To Make Frosting: Combine confectioners' sugar and lemon juice. When cake is done, and while still hot, ice with frosting. 
Mix heavy cream and flour in a small bowl. Heat the mixure in the microwave for 45 seconds on high. Set aside to cool. In a mixing bowl, combine butter, shortening, confectioner's sugar, vanilla extract and butter extract. Using and electric mixer, beat on low until combined. Then beat on medium speed for 6-8 minutes. Next add the heavy cream mixture, and beat on medium speed for another 10 minutes. ( Mixture will appear soupy at first, but will become fluffy.) 
Butter and flour a 9 inch round cake pan. In a pan over low heat, melt 1/2 cup butter and 1/2 cup light corn syrup. Stir in 1 cup chocolate chips until melted. Remove from heat and add sugar and eggs, and stir until blended. Stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla , flour, and nuts. Pour into pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes, or until center springs back when touched. Cool in pan 10 minutes. Then place on a cooling rack. To Make Glaze: Combine chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons butter or margarine and corn syrup in pan. Stir over low heat till chocolate chips are melted. Remove from heat. Stir in vanilla. Frost tops and sides of torte. Chill until set. Garnish with sliced strawberries. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10 inch Bundt or tube pan. Sprinkle pecans on bottom of pan; set aside. Sift together flour, salt, and baking soda into a medium bowl; set aside. In a large bowl, cream butter and white sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs one at a time, then stir in vanilla. Add flour mixture alternately with sour cream. Pour batter over pecans in prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 75 to 90 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Let cool in pan for 20 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely. To prepare the glaze: In a small bowl, combine confectioners' sugar, orange juice and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Drizzle over cake while still warm. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 x 13 inch cake pan. Whip the sugar, eggs, baking powder, and the vanilla sugar. (To make Vanilla Sugar: Place one clean vanilla bean in a pint jar with 1 - 1 1/2 cups white sugar. Shake occasionally. After a few days, use the sugar and replenish as necessary.) Add the shortening and mix well. Stir in the flour, the cocoa powder, and the orange juice and mix until homogeneous. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake cake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for about 40 minutes. Remove cake from oven and immediately spread coffee glaze over top. To Make Glaze: Five minutes before cake is done, mix together confectioners' sugar, Nescafe powder, and milk. Use immediately to spread over hot cake. 
Combine cake mix, cherry pie filling, and three eggs. Mix until well blended. Bake in well greased and floured 9 x 13 pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes. To Make Frosting: Combine sugar, butter or margarine, and milk. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly, and cook 1 minute. Remove from heat. Stir in chocolate pieces until melted and smooth. Frost when cake is cool. 
Cream together butter and sugar. Add eggs one at a time beating after each one. Blend in the flour, vanilla extract, butter extract and pecans. Pour into a greased and floured bundt or tube pan. Bake in a preheated 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) oven for 1 to 1 1/2 hours or until a toothpick inserted comes out clean. Remove from oven and remove cake from pan right away, cool then sprinkle with confectioners' sugar. 
Beat yellow cake mix, instant vanilla pudding mix, oil, eggs and yogurt together until no lumps remain. In a separate bowl mix cocoa, chopped nuts, and cinnamon together. Spray a large bundt pan with cooking spray and put 1/2 of batter in pan. Sprinkle streusel mix over batter and top streusel with remaining batter. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 minutes. Cool for 15 minutes and take out of pan. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, mix together the cookie crumbs, confectioners' sugar and 1/3 cup cocoa. Add melted butter and stir until well mixed. Pat into the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan. Bake in preheated oven for 10 minutes; set aside. Increase oven temperature to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). In a large bowl, combine cream cheese, white sugar, 1/4 cup cocoa and flour. Beat at medium speed until well blended and smooth. Add eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Blend in the sour cream and Irish cream liqueur; mixing on low speed. Pour filling over baked crust. Bake at 450 degrees F (230 degrees C) for 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C), and continue baking for 60 minutes. With a knife, loosen cake from rim of pan. Let cool, then remove the rim of pan. Chill before serving. If your cake cracks, a helpful tip is to dampen a spatula and smooth the top, then sprinkle with some chocolate wafer crumbs. 
Mix the box of cake mix, eggs, pie filling and applesauce till moist. Use a microwave safe bundt pan or substitute a microwave safe bowl that has a microwave safe cup or cone placed in the middle of it (to mimic a bundt pan). Pour mixture into the bowl around the cup. Bake on high for 6 minutes 30 seconds, turn and bake for another 6 minutes 30 seconds on high. Remove from oven and cover bowl with a dish and let stand for 5 minutes (this finishes the cooking process). Turn cake over onto dish and remove cone (cup) for a delicious quick dessert. Good hot with vanilla ice cream or whipped topping. 
Prepare 1 box white cake mix as directed, except substitute 3 tablespoons Creme de Menthe flavoring or liqueur, for 3 tablespoons water. Pour into 13x9 inch pan and bake according to package directions. Remove from oven and while HOT, poke holes in cake with fork. Then pour chocolate syrup over the top. Refrigerate (or freeze, if desired). After cooling, mix whipped topping with 2 tablespoons of creme de menthe and spread on cake. Keep refrigerated. Freezes great!! 
Mix cake mix, eggs, and mandarin oranges for 2-3 minutes at medium speed. Bake for 30 minutes in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven. Set aside and let cool completely. Combine crushed pineapple, dessert topping, and vanilla pudding mix. Mix well. Spread on top of cooled cake. Keep refrigerated. 
In a 9x13 inch pan mix cherries and pineapple. Sprinkle dry cake mix over pineapple, and cherry mixture stir until just combined. Then sprinkle walnuts over top. Drizzle top with melted butter or margarine. Bake in a 350 degree F (175 degree C) oven for 35 or 40 minutes or until golden brown. 
Sift together and set aside in large bowl the flour and sugar. In saucepan over medium heat bring to a boil; 1/2 cup margarine or butter, 1/2 cup shortening, 1 cup water, and 4 tablespoons cocoa. Pour cocoa mixture over flour and sugar mixture. Stir in buttermilk, eggs, baking soda, and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla. Mix well and pour into a greased and floured sheet pan. Bake in a preheated 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) oven for 20 minutes. To Make Frosting: Five minutes before cake is done, bring to boil in a saucepan 1/2 cup margarine or butter, 6 tablespoons milk, and 4 tablespoons cocoa. Remove from heat and immediately stir in the confectioners' sugar, nuts (if desired), and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract. Beat until smooth and immediately pour frosting over cake. Cake may be served warm or at room temperature. 
Empty yogurt into mixing bowl. Add flour, sugar, oil, eggs, and yeast (or substitute one teaspoon baking powder) and mix until just combined. Pour into a greased and floured 13 inch round cake pan. Bake for 25 to 35 minutes in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven, or until cake is golden brown and middle bounces bake when pushed with your finger. Cool and dust with confectioners' sugar. Variations: use flavored yogurt, or add some fruit preserves to the mix to make a fruity cake, berry flavors work especially well. Variation 2: Use half brown sugar and half granulated sugar, and add 2 teaspoons of cinnamon. Enjoy! 
Cream together butter or margarine and sugar. Add eggs one at a time until creamy. Mix flour and corn starch together. Add flour mixture a little at a time to egg mixture. Alternate with milk until mixture is very light and creamy. Pour batter into a greased and floured 9 inch round pan. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F (175 degree C) oven for 70 to 90 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. 
Place flour, sugar, salt, baking soda, oil, eggs, cherry pie filling, and chopped nuts in a 9x13 inch pan and mix thoroughly with a fork. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 45 minutes. Serve with whipped topping. 
In a saucepan combine sugar, cocoa, milk, shortening, and salt. Bring mixture to a rolling boil, stirring constantly for 2 minutes. Remove from heat and add vanilla and continue beating until frosting starts to thicken slightly. The frosting will be real creamy. 
Spread pie filling evenly in the bottom of a greased 9x13 inch pan. In a large bowl stir together flour, sugar, cocoa, baking soda, and salt. In another bowl combine water, oil, vinegar, and vanilla. Add these liquid ingredients to the flour mixture all at once. Stir until just moistened. Pour the batter evenly over the cherry pie filling. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F ( 175 degrees C) oven for 30 to 35 minutes. Let cake cool for 10 minutes in pan then invert cake onto a serving dish and continue to cool. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Cream together butter or margarine, shortening, and sugar. Add the eggs, vanilla, and salt mixing batter until light and creamy. Add 1cup flour and the baking powder to egg butter mixture. Stir until just combined. Then add 1/2 cup milk stirring until combined. Continue alternating flour and milk, ending with flour. Stir in cocoa and mix well. Place batter in a greased and floured tube pan that has been lined with greased and floured baking parchment paper. Bake in a preheated 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) oven for 1 hour 30 minutes. Cool cake in pan for 10 minutes. Then remove cake from its pan and let cool on a wire rack. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix together: cake mix, beaten eggs, almond extract, cherry pie filling and 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips. Stir until just combined. Pour batter into a greased 9x13 inch pan. Bake in a 350 degree F (175 degree C) oven for 45 to 50 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Remove cake from oven and let cool. To Make Glaze: Heat 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips, butter or margarine, and milk in a saucepan over medium high heat. Once semisweet chocolate chips are melted and mixture is combined stir in confectioners' sugar. Spread glaze over cooled cake. Serve cake as is or with whipped cream and a cherry. 
Beat together the eggs, oil, and white sugar. Blend mixture for thirty seconds. Sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and spices. Add the carrots and raisins. Pour egg mixture into dry ingredients, and mix well. Pour batter into well greased 10 inch tube or bundt pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 60 to 70 minutes. Cool cake on wire rack, and then refrigerate until completely cooled. To make Cream Cheese Glaze: Blend together confectioners' sugar, cream cheese, corn syrup, and vanilla. Spread over cooled cake. 
Cream together the butter or margarine and 3/4 cup sugar. Beat until light and fluffy. Separate the eggs. Beat in the egg yolks one at a time, and add the key lime zest. Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Add these dry ingredients to the egg butter mixture, alternating with 1/2 cup key lime juice. Beat the egg whites until stiff, and fold into the batter. Pour batter into a well greased 10 inch Bundt pan. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), or until cake tests done. Cool cake for 10 minutes in pan, and then invert onto cooling rack. To Make Key Lime Glaze: Combine 1/4 cup sugar and 1/4 cup key lime juice. Simmer over medium low heat until a light syrup forms; this should take approximately 5 minutes. Use glaze immediately. Pour over still warm cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 9 x 13 inch pan with non-stick cooking spray. Combine cake mix, pineapple (with juice), and eggs until well-mixed. Pour into pan, and bake 30-35 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch loaf pan. Mix grated lemon rind with 1 tablespoon sugar. Beat butter and sugar with vanilla sugar and lemon rind until the mixture becomes white and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time mixing after each one. Mix flour and baking powder together and then carefully fold into the butter and egg mixture. Pour batter into prepared loaf pan. Bake cake for 60 to 75 minutes or until a knife inserted in the middle comes out clean. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 inch round layer cake pans. Beat eggs and white sugar together with an electric mixer. Add oil, wine, flour, salt, baking powder, and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Beat for about 1 to 1 1/2 minutes. Pour batter into pans and bake for about 30 to 35 minutes or until cake tests done. Cool cakes in pans for 10 minutes. Turn them out on wire rack and let cool for at least 2 to 3 hours before frosting. Using a cake slicer or a serrated knife cut each layer in half lengthwise. Arrange one layer on serving dish and spread with one third of the chestnut puree, top with second layer spread 1/3 of chestnut puree on top, top with third layer and spread remaining chestnut puree. Arrange last layer on top and set cake aside. To Make Icing: Melt butter and chocolate together in the top part of a double boiler. Once melted remove from heat and whisk in cream, confectioners' sugar, and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Pour warm chocolate icing over top of cake and garnish with whole candied chestnuts. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 x 13 inch pan. Sift 2 cups white sugar and 2 cups flour together; set aside. In a sauce pan; combine 1/2 cup butter or margarine, oil, water, and 1/4 cup cocoa. Bring mixture to a boil, remove from heat and add to dry ingredients. Dissolve baking soda in buttermilk; add with eggs, salt, cinnamon and 1 teaspoon vanilla to cocoa, flour mixture and stir well. Pour batter into a 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 20 minutes. To Make Frosting: Five minutes before cake is done combine 1/2 cup butter,1/4 cup cocoa and 1/4 cup milk in saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and stir in confectioners' sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and chopped pecans. Pour frosting over hot cake. Cake remains moist and may be frozen. Serves 20. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 or 10 inch tube pan. With an electric mixer, cream butter and sugar until fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time and mix well. Introduce the flour, one cup at a time while adding cream a little at a time until all flour and cream is mixed in well. Add the vanilla and lemon flavoring and blend well. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 1-1/2 hours or until center springs back from small amount of pressure. Immediately turn out on cake rack to cool. 
In a medium bowl, thoroughly blend the pudding mix, whipped topping, and milk. Arrange a single layer of graham cracker squares in the bottom of a 13x9 inch baking pan. Evenly spread half of the pudding mixture over the crackers. Top with another layer of crackers and the remaining pudding mixture. Top with a final layer of graham crackers. Spread the frosting over the whole cake up to the edges of the pan. Cover, and chill at least 4 hours before serving. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F ( 190 degrees C). Grease and flour 3, 9-inch round cake pans. Sift the flour with the baking powder and soda. In a large bowl, cream together the butter or margarine, sugar, and salt. Add eggs one at a time to the creamed mixture, beating well after each addition. Add alternately to the creamed mixture the flour mixture, the bananas, and the buttermilk. Add vanilla, and mix well. Pour into the well greased pans. Bake in a preheated 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) oven for 30 to 40 minutes. Let cake cool and frost with your choice of icings. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 x 13 inch cake pan. Cream together the butter or margarine and the sugar. Add eggs, bananas, flour, soda, salt, nuts, and vanilla. Mix thoroughly and pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 30 minutes. Cool and frost cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line miniature muffin tins (tassie pans) with miniature paper liners. Crush the vanilla wafers, and place 1/2 teaspoon of the crushed vanilla wafers into each paper cup. In a mixing bowl, beat cream cheese, sugar, eggs and vanilla until light and fluffy. Fill each miniature muffin liner with this mixture, almost to the top. Bake for 15 minutes. Cool. Top with a teaspoonful of cherry pie filling. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Sift together the flour, 3/4 cup sugar, salt, and baking powder. Separate the egg yolks from the whites. Add the egg yolks to the flour mixture along with the apricot juice and vanilla and almond extracts. Beat on low speed of an electric mixer for about 1 minute. Wash beaters well before beating egg whites. In a glass or metal bowl (don't use plastic) beat the egg whites until fluffy. Gradually beat in 1/2 cup of the sugar and continue beating until stiff peaks form. Gently fold the egg yolk-flour mixture into the egg whites about 1/4 at time. Don't stir or cake will not be spongy. Gently turn batter into an ungreased tube pan. Bake for about 40 to 50 minutes. Immediately turn pan upside down and let cool. Once cake is cool remove it from the pan. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease a 10 inch tube pan. Separate the egg yolks from the whites and keep the egg whites cold. Combine milk, 1 1/2 cups of the sugar, 1 cup of the butter and all of the chocolate and bring to a boil in the top half of a double boiler over medium heat. Let cool slightly and stir in the egg yolks, flour, and baking powder. Beat for about 2 minutes with an electric mixer on medium speed. In a glass or metal bowl beat the egg whites until stiff. Gently fold the beaten egg whites into the chocolate mixture. Pour batter into a greased 10 inch tube pan. Bake for 50 minutes at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Let cake cool in pan for 15 minutes then turn out on to a wire rack to finish cooling. To Make Frosting: Melt 1 cup sugar in a heavy pan. Once melted and slightly amber colored add the finely chopped nuts. Pour into a buttered flat sheet pan to cool. Once cool and set crush to a powder using a food processor. Cream 1/2 cup of the butter until light and fluffy, gradually mix in the nut powder and the confectioners' sugar beating until smooth and creamy. Spread frosting over top of cake and garnish with whole pecan halves. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease three 9 inch round cake pans. In a small saucepan bring 1 cup of the water to a boil, slowly add 1/2 cup of the sugar and cook to a thick syrup. Sift together the flour with the baking powder and salt. In a large bowl, cream the butter or margarine with 1 1/2 cups of the sugar. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. In another bowl, combine milk and sugar/water mixture. Add the vanilla and mix well. Add the sifted dry ingredients alternately with the milk mixture to the creamed butter or margarine mixture. Stir until just combined. Pour batter equally into three greased 9 inch round cake pans. Bake for about 30 minutes at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). When cool, glaze with burnt sugar syrup. To Make Glaze: In a small saucepan bring 1 cup water to a boil, slowly add 1/2 cup of the sugar and cook to a thick syrup. Pour over top of cooled cake layers. 
Pour boiling water over raisins and currants to cover. Let steep for 5 minutes, then drain. In a very large bowl combine currants, raisins, gum drops, candied cherries, pitted dates, walnuts, spices, brandy and jelly. Stir to blend. Cover and let stand overnight. Preheat oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Grease three 8x4 inch loaf pans. Cream the butter and the sugar together until light and creamy. Add the eggs one at a time, mixing well after each one. Stir in the vanilla. Sift the flour and baking soda together. Blend in the flour mixture alternately with the fruit mixture. Pour evenly into three loaf pans. Bake at 275 degrees F (135 degrees C) for 2-1/4 to 3 hours or until a toothpick inserted in the center of the loaves comes out clean. 
Preheat oven to 350 degree F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 x 13 inch pan. Grate the chocolate. In a small saucepan, boil the milk and chocolate until mixture forms a custard. Cream the butter or margarine and sugar. Add eggs and sour cream to the creamed mixture. Dissolve the baking soda in water, and add to the creamed mixture. Add the flour, and mix thoroughly. Add the chocolate mixture and beat well. Pour into a greased and floured 9x13 inch pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 minutes to one hour. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour three 9 inch round cake pans. Cream the brown sugar and the butter. Add the eggs, and mix well. Mix the baking soda and the sour cream, and add this to the creamed mixture. Sift the flour with the baking powder and spices. Add the flour mixture to the creamed mixture and stir in the raisins. Pour batter into three 9 inch round greased and floured cake pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 minutes or until cakes tests done. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 9 inch round cake pans. Sift the flour with the baking soda and salt three times. Boil the water and add it to the chocolate, and stir until melted. Cream together the butter or margarine and the sugar. Add the eggs and mix well. Stir in the vanilla. Blend in the chocolate mixture to the creamed mixture. Add the flour alternately with the sour cream, beating well after each addition. Pour batter into two 9 inch round cake pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes or until cakes tests done. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 inch round pan. Separate the eggs while cold, then bring to room temperature. Beat egg yolks, sugar and grated orange rind until light and fluffy. Mix flour and baking powder together. Alternately add flour mixture and orange juice to the egg yolk mixture. In a separate large CLEAN bowl, with a CLEAN whisk or beaters, beat egg whites to stiff peaks, and fold into batter. Pour batter into prepared pan and bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 50 to 60 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease an 8x4 inch loaf pan. In a small bowl, mix together the milk and the lemon juice or vinegar. Set aside. Cream together the butter or margarine and the sugar. Separate the eggs, keeping two of the whites and all of the yolks. Beat the egg yolks. Dissolve the cocoa in the hot water. Add the soured milk mixture, the yolks, the cocoa, and the vanilla to the creamed mixture. Add the flour and soda. Beat at a low speed for 2 to 3 minutes. Beat 2 of the egg whites to stiff peaks. Fold the beaten egg whites into the batter and pour into a greased loaf pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 to 60 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F ( 200 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 inch round pan. Bring eggs to room temperature and separate. Melt dark chocolate and butter or margarine over low heat. Beat egg yolks, flour, and water. Add the chocolate mixture. Beat the egg whites, and fold into the chocolate batter. Pour into prepared pan, and bake for 20 to 30 minutes. 
Beat the eggs, and add them to the boxed cake mix. Add the oil and the mandarine oranges to the batter; remember to add the juice as well as the fruit. Pour the batter into a greased and floured 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake the cake for 40 minutes in a preheated oven at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Cool on wire rack. While cake is baking, prepare the frosting by mixing together the whipped dessert topping, the package of instant pudding, and the crushed pineapple with its juices. Set frosting in refrigerator to set. Frost when cake has thoroughly cooled. 
Sift the flour, sugar, baking powder, soda, and salt together into a large bowl. Add the butter or margarine, milk, and vanilla to the dry ingredients in the bowl. Beat for 300 strokes, or for approximately 2 minutes at low speed with an electric mixer. Add the eggs, melted chocolate, and red food coloring to the batter. Beat an additional 300 strokes or 2 minutes at low speed. Pour into two greased and floured 8 inch layer pans. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes, or until done. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10 inch tube pan. In a large bowl, cream together 2 cups sugar and the butter. Fold in the eggs one at a time, fully incorporating each one before adding another. In separate bowl, mix the flour, baking powder, milk, flaked coconut, and 1 teaspoon coconut extract. Beat into the creamed mixture. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool on a wire rack for just a few minutes, then place on cake platter. To make the glaze, mix together in a small saucepan 1 cup sugar, water, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, and walnuts. Boil for 1 minute, and pour over still warm cake. 
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Sift the flour 4 times with the baking powder and salt. Cream the butter with 1 1/2 cups sugar in a large mixing bowl. Add the sifted ingredients alternately with the milk to the creamed mixture. Beat the egg whites until they are stiff, but not dry. Fold them into the batter. Pour the batter into three 9-inch round cake pans. Bake in the preheated oven approximately 30 minutes. Place on wire racks until cool. While the layers are cooling make the filling. Combine the egg yolks, 1/4 cup sugar, cornstarch, and pineapple juice in the top of a double boiler. Cook until thick; stir often. Cool, and spread filling on top of two of the layers. Sprinkle nuts and crushed pineapple on top of filling. Place these two layers one on top of the other, and place third layer on the top. Frost with any white frosting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9-inch square pan. In a large bowl, cream together the sugar and butter. Beat in the egg, and mix in the molasses. In a bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ginger, and cloves. Blend into the creamed mixture. Stir in the hot water. Pour into the prepared pan. Bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Allow to cool in pan before serving. 
Separate the eggs. In a large mixing bowl, beat egg yolks until very thick and lemon colored. Beat in sugar gradually. Add water, lemon extract and lemon rind. Beat in flour. In another bowl, beat egg whites until frothy. Then add cream of tartar and salt. Beat mixture until whites are stiff, but not until they are dry. Fold this whipped mixture into yolk mixture. Pour batter into an ungreased 9 inch tube pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for one hour, or until done. 
Beat egg whites until they form stiff peaks, and then add cream of tartar, vanilla extract, and almond extract. Sift together flour, sugar, and salt. Repeat five times. Gently combine the egg whites with the dry ingredients, and then pour into an ungreased 10 inch tube pan. Place cake pan in a cold oven. Turn the oven on; set it to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Cook for about one hour, or until cake is golden brown. Invert cake, and allow it to cool in the pan. When thoroughly cooled, remove from pan. 
Beat the eggs in a large mixing bowl. Melt the 2 tablespoons shortening, and add it and the sour cream to the eggs. In another bowl, sift together 1 1/4 cups sugar, flour, cocoa and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Add these dry ingredients to the egg mixture. Stir the batter until smooth. Add in the vanilla and stir. Lastly, add the soda dissolved in hot water. Stir. Pour batter into a greased and floured 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 minutes, or until done. Cool. To Make the Frosting: Combine 2 cups sugar, corn syrup, milk, 1/2 cup shortening, unsweetened chocolate, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a small saucepan. Stir over low heat until chocolate melts. Bring to a full rolling boil and boil for one minute, stirring constantly. Remove the pan from the heat. Add 1 teaspoon vanilla, and beat the frosting mixture until it has a smooth spreading consistency. Frost the cake when it has completely cooled. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease one 10 inch tube pan. Cream together the butter, cream cheese, and sugar until light. Stir in the vanilla and the almond extracts. Add the flour and the eggs alternately, beginning and ending with the flour. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. 
Prepare cake mix as directed on package. Lightly grease the bottom and sides of one 9 x 13 inch baking pan. Sprinkle coconut and nuts over bottom of pan. Pour cake batter over top. Combine 1/2 cup melted butter or margarine, cream cheese and 2 cups confectioners' sugar. Beat until smooth. Pour (spoon) over cake batter. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean. Let cake cool before frosting. To Make Frosting: Combine cocoa, cola and 1/2 cup margarine in a saucepan. Cook over medium heat until mixture boils, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Pour mixture over remaining confectioners' sugar. Beat until smooth. Spread icing over cake. (If you like a thicker icing add more confectioners' sugar. 
Prepare cake mix according to package directions. Pour batter into cupcake pans and bake as directed on cake mix box. Let cupcakes cool thoroughly before frosting. Spread cupcakes lightly with chocolate icing. Sprinkle cookie crumbs on top. Cut gummi worms in half (as many as you like). Put icing onto cut end of the worms and stick to the top of cupcakes. You can use as few or as many as will fit on each cupcake. Let icing set for 10 minutes and then enjoy. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 9 x 13 inch baking pan. Combine chocolate pudding and milk in a saucepan and cook over medium heat until thick, stirring frequently. Remove pan from heat and add in dry cake mix. Mix together and pour into the lightly greased 9x13 inch baking pan. Evenly spread the chocolate chips over the top of the cake. Bake at 350 degrees F(175 degrees C) for 40 to 45 minutes. Let cake cool and serve. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and lightly flour two 8- or 9-inch round cake pans or one 9x13-inch cake pan. Reserve 1/4 cup maraschino cherry juice. Coarsely chop the cherries to make 1/2 cup. Set aside. Sift cake flour, baking powder, and 1/4 teaspoon of the salt and set aside. Beat shortening in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium high speed for 30 seconds. Add the 1 1/3 cups white sugar and beat until well combined. Add the egg whites, one at a time, beating well after each. Combine 2/3 cup milk and reserved 1/4 cup cherry juice. Add the flour and milk mixture alternately to the shortening mixture, beating on low speed after each addition until just combined. Stir in the chopped cherries and nuts. Pour batter into prepared pans. In preheated oven until cake springs back when lightly touched with a finger or a tester comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes for round cakes (or 30 to 35 minutes for a 9x13 inch pan). Cool cakes in pans on a wire rack for 10 minutes, then invert onto wire rack to cool completely. To make frosting: beat 3/4 cups butter in a large bowl till fluffy. Gradually add 3 cups sifted confectioners' sugar; beat well. Slowly beat in 1/3 cup milk, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt. Gradually beat in the remaining 3 cups sifted confectioners' sugar. Beat in additional milk (1 to 2 tablespoons) if needed, to make frosting of spreading consistency. If desired, tint the frosting pink by adding 6 drops of red food coloring. Once cake is completely cool, frost with butter frosting and decorate with maraschino cherries with stems. 
Beat butter in a large bowl until fluffy. Gradually add 3 cups of the sifted confectioners' sugar, beating well. Slowly beat in the vanilla, salt, and 1/3 cup of the milk. Gradually beat in the 3 remaining cups of confectioner's sugar. Beat in additional milk (1 to 2 tablespoons) if needed, to make frosting of spreading consistency. If desired tint the frosting pink with 6 to 8 drops of red food coloring. 
Make cake mix as directed on box except that in the place of water put pineapple juice. Bake according to the cake mix directions and take right from oven and place in freezer. Cake is ready to frost when cool on the bottom to touch. Mix crushed pineapple, instant pistachio pudding, and whipped topping together with a spoon, do not use an electric mixer. Frost cake and refrigerate for at least one hour. You must keep this cake refrigerated until ready to serve and then also keep any leftovers refrigerated. 
Thaw and drain the frozen strawberries. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease on 9x13 inch cake pan. Combine the white cake mix, strawberry gelatin, oil, eggs, flour, thawed strawberries, and buttermilk and mix until just combined. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 25 to 35 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 9x13 inch pan. Make yellow cake mix according to package directions. Pour batter into the greased 9x13 inch pan. Mix together the ricotta cheese, sugar, eggs and vanilla extract and spoon over cake batter. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 45 minutes. Sprinkle cake with confectioners' sugar when cool. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Spray one 8 x 8 inch square baking pan with cooking spray. In a medium sized bowl combine flour, white sugar, salt, baking powder, egg, and fruit cocktail. Mix until just combined and pour into the prepared pan. Sprinkle top with the brown sugar. Bake at 32 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 45 minutes or until golden brown. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10 inch Bundt pan. In a large bowl, mix together cake mix, 1 package pudding, water, eggs, and oil. Pour into a greased and floured Bundt pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175) degrees C for 45 minutes, or until done. Allow to cool. To Make Frosting: In a mixing bowl, combine 1 package instant pudding, milk, and instant whipped topping mix. Beat until thick, and spread on the cooled cake. 
In a large mixing bowl, beat the eggs and the sugar together. Add the oil. Mix in the cake meal and the cocoa. Add nuts, or use the nuts as a topping. I put nuts on top rather than in this cake for two reasons. They make the top look good without having to frost it. Also, for those who don 1t or can 1t eat nuts, they are easily removed without having to search for them. Pour batter into a greased 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for about 35 minutes. The secret to a moist brownie cake, Pesach or otherwise, is to underbake it. Check it at about 30 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 inch round cake pans. Make pudding according to package directions using the milk. Set aside 2 tablespoons of pudding and place the rest in the refrigerator. When chilled, pull the pudding out of the refrigerator, and stir in the pineapple. In a large bowl, cream together the shortening and sugar, continue to mix with an electric mixer on medium speed for 15 minutes. Stir in the reserved 2 tablespoons of vanilla pudding. Beat in the eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. In another bowl, sift together cake flour, baking powder, and salt. Add these dry ingredients to the creamed mixture alternately with 1 cup milk, blending well after each addition. Divide the batter evenly between the prepared pans. Bake for approximately 20 to 25 minutes, or until the top springs back when lightly pressed. Set the pans on a wire rack to cool. Remove the layers from the pans. Once the cake layers have thoroughly cooled, spread the pudding mixture on top of one of the layers (spread mixture to desired thickness - there may be some left over). Place the second layer on top of the filling. Frost the cake with the whipped topping. Refrigerate the cake until serving time. 
Beat the cream cheese until fluffy. Gradually add in the sweetened condensed milk, the lemon juice, and the orange extract. Pour the cream cheese mixture into the graham cracker crust. Chill for three hours. When the cheese cake has chilled and set, arrange the apricots on the top. In a small saucepan, combine the sugar, cornstarch, and salt. Stir in 1/2 cup of the reserved apricot syrup and the orange juice; mix until smooth. Cook on a medium low flame until clear and thick. Cool. Cover the apricots with the glaze. Chill two hours, and serve. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9-inch round cake pans or one 9x13-inch pan. In a medium bowl, cream together white sugar and 1/2 cup butter. Mix in eggs and 3 mashed bananas. Sift together flour and baking soda in a separate bowl. Add to the creamed mixture alternately with buttermilk, mixing well after each addition. Blend in 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. Fold in 1 cup of pecans and 1 cup coconut. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven until a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Cool completely on wire racks. To Make Frosting: Cream together 1/2 cup butter and confectioners' sugar until light and fluffy. Mix in 1 medium mashed banana, 1 cup pecans, 1 cup coconut and 1 teaspoon vanilla. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 6 inch round cake pan. Melt 7 tablespoons of the butter. In a medium sized bowl mix together the melted butter, 1/2 cup white sugar, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, and the self rising flour to form a soft dough. Add the milk and mix again till smooth. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove cake from oven and set aside. Once cake is cool enough to handle remove from its pan and place on a serving dish. In a saucepan melt 1 tablespoon butter and mix with 1 tablespoon white sugar and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon. Spread over top of cake. In a small bowl stir together the remaining 1/4 cup sugar and 1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon. Sprinkle over cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 10 x 10 inch baking pan. In a large saucepan boil the raising with the water for 10 minutes. Add the butter or margarine and let cool. In the same pan add the flour, soda, salt, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, and chopped nuts (optional), mix well and pour batter into a lightly greased 10x10 inch baking pan Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 minutes. Serves 8 to 12. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). To Make Pan di Spagna (Sponge Cake): Have the following ingredients at room temperature for at least one hour before baking; 6 eggs, lemon juice, orange zest, and sherry. Separate 6 eggs and set the egg whites aside. Beat egg yolks until thick and lemon colored. Beat in sugar, lemon juice, orange zest, and sherry or 1 teaspoon almond extract. Beat until foamy. Sift flour 3 times and fold into eggs yolks gently but thoroughly. Beat egg whites until foamy, add salt, and beat until stiff but not dry. Fold into yolks. Pour batter into one ungreased 9 inch spring form pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 to 60 minutes. Test by pressing lightly with finger tip, if cake springs back at once it is done. Leave cake in pan to cool, and invert on a wire rack. Once cake is completely cool slice into 3 layers and sprinkle layers with rum. To Make Filling: Crush ricotta very finely with hands or a potato masher, add 1/2 cup confectioner's sugar and beat for about 3 minutes until creamy. Stir in 6 tablespoons rum, grated sweet chocolate, chopped candied cherries, cinnamon and toasted almonds. Spread ricotta filling over sponge cake layers, using half-inch of filling on each layer. Leave the top and sides of cake plain. To Make Frosting: Cream butter with 1 cup sifted confectioners' sugar. Beat the 2 egg whites until stiff and gradually beat into the egg whites the remaining 1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar. Fold egg whites into the butter mixture and add fold in 1 teaspoon almond extract. Cover sides and top cake evenly with frosting. Store in refrigerator until ready to serve. Serves 10. 
Cream together the softened butter or margarine, and confectioners' sugar until light and fluffy. Add the banana, coconut, pecans, vanilla and mix well. Makes enough to fill and frost a 9 inch layer cake or one 9x13 inch sheet cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees (175 degrees C). Grease and lightly flour one 8 inch square baking pan. Cream shortening and sugar until light. Add the egg and molasses and beat thoroughly. Sift together the flour, salt, baking soda, ground ginger, and ground cinnamon. Bring water to a boil and add alternately with flour mixture to the creamed mixture, beating well after each addition. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes. Serve warm and enjoy. 
Prepare cake mix as per package directions for a two layer cake. Once cake is cool split layers with a thread to create four layers. Mix together sour cream, sugar and all but a portion of the coconut (some should be reserved for top). Set aside one cup of this mixture. Spread remainder between layers of cake. Combine whipped topping and the reserved sour cream mixture. Use this to ice the cake. Toast remaining coconut and sprinkle on iced cake. Store in the refrigerator for three days before cutting. The longer it is refrigerated, the better it is! 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Melt the butter. Brush a little bit of the butter on the inside of a 9-inch cake pan. Mix 5 tablespoons of the butter with the dark brown sugar and 1/4 cup of the pineapple juice. Place this mixture in the bottom of the cake pan. Arrange the pineapple rings on the brown sugar mixture in a decorative pattern (be creative). Set pan aside. Stir together the flour, salt, white sugar, and baking powder. Separate the eggs. Beat the whites until stiff but not dry. Beat two of the egg yolks until lemony yellow. Stir in the remaining 1/2 cup pineapple juice, vanilla, and remaining melted butter. Add this mixture to the flour mixture. Gently fold in the egg whites. Pour batter over the top of the brown sugar and pineapple rings. Bake in the preheated oven until cake springs back when lightly touched with a finger, about 30 minutes. Let cake cool in pan for 10 minutes then cover pan tightly with a serving dish and invert so that the pineapple side is up. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour two 9 inch cake pans. Stir together the cake flour, baking powder, salt, and super fine sugar. Separate the eggs save the egg yolks for another use. In a glass or copper bowl beat the egg whites until foamy. Mix 1 1/2 cups of the heavy cream with the vanilla. Stir into the flour mixture then fold in the egg whites. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C ) for 30 minutes. Let cakes cool in pans for ten minutes then invert onto a wire rack to continue cooling. Once cakes are completely cool frost with fresh whipped cream and serve with fresh strawberries. To Make Frosting: Beat on low speed until stiff 1 1/2 cups heavy cream (make sure it's very cold). Beat in the confectioners' sugar and 2 1/2 teaspoons brandy. Use immediately to frost cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour one 9x13 inch pan or two 9 inch round pans. In a small pan melt the butter or margarine with the unsweetened chocolate. Set aside to cool slightly. Cream together the sugar and the eggs until light in color. Add the chocolate mixture to the eggs and temper mixture by beating well (so you don't end up with scrambled eggs!) Add 1 cup boiled water (still warm) and blend well. Mixture will be very liquid. Mix together the flour, baking soda, and salt. Add this mixture to the chocolate mixture and blend well. Mix together the vinegar and the milk and stir into the chocolate batter. Pour into prepared pan(s). Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cake divides well for filling with mousse, or ganache, or black forest fillings. The best clue to this cake being nearly done is that you will start to smell the aroma of chocolate filling your house! 
Cream together the butter or margarine with the shortening. Sift the cocoa with the confectioners' sugar and add to the creamed mixture. Mix together adding 1 tablespoon at a time of milk to keep mixture smooth. Don't add more than 1/4 cup of milk. Add the hot fudge topping and the vanilla extract. Blend until smooth and creamy. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour 1- 13 x9 inch square cake pan. Cream shortening and sugar together and add 1 tablespoon buttermilk. Sift flour three times and add baking powder and salt. Combine 1 1/2 cups buttermilk with 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. Alternate adding buttermilk to shortening mixture with flour. Beat egg whites until stiff and fold into batter. Stir in the vanilla and almond extracts. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 40 minutes. Once cool frost with frosting of your choice. If you want you can add orange extract to the frosting, about 1 teaspoon. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 13x9 inch cake pan. Cream together the shortening and the white sugar. Add the melted chocolate and eggs, mix well. Sift the flour with baking soda and salt. Add alternately with 1 cup milk to shortening mixture. Mix in 1 teaspoon vanilla. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes or until a toothpick stuck into the center of the cake comes out clean. Once cool frost with Coffee Frosting. To Make Frosting: Mix together instant or leftover coffee, 1/4 cup milk or cream, cocoa powder, butter, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract, and confectioners' sugar until of spreading consistency. 
Mix together; instant coffee or leftover coffee, milk, cocoa powder, butter or margarine, vanilla extract, and confectioners' sugar until of spreading consistency. Makes more than enough to frost a 13x9 inch sheet cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease the bottom of one 10 inch springform pan. Reserve 8 whole nuts for garnish. Pulse the remaining nuts in a food processor until ground, and reserve 1 tablespoon of ground nuts for garnish. Melt margarine or butter in a small saucepan over low heat, cool. In a large bowl beat eggs, sugar, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract until thick and lemon colored (about 2 to 3 minutes). Add flour, baking powder, salt, and ground nuts, mix well. Continue to beat mixture while slowly adding the cooled melted butter or margarine until blended (mixture will be thick). Spread batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool in pan for 15 minutes then remove sides of pan. Remove pan bottom and invert onto a serving plate. Cover with a cloth towel and cool for another 30 minutes before glazing. To Make Glaze: In a medium saucepan bring whipping cream just to a boil, remove from heat and stir in the semi-sweet chocolate chips until melted and smooth. Stir in 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract. Spread glaze over top of cooled cake, allowing it to run down the sides. Sprinkle reserved ground nuts around top edge and arrange whole nuts over ground nuts. Enjoy! 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 inch tube pan. Cream butter or margarine adding sugar gradually. Add eggs one at time. Beating with an electric mixture on medium speed. Mix together flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. With electric beaters on low speed add flour mixture alternately with sour cream to butter mixture, ending with flour mix (do not overbeat). Stir in 1 teaspoon of almond extract. Put a layer of half the batter in the pan the bottom of the pan, than a layer of whole cranberry sauce (1/2 the can). Repeat once more with the remaining batter and cranberry sauce. Sprinkle slivered almonds on top. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 minutes. Remove from pan after slightly cooling. Drizzle glaze on top. To Make Glaze: Mix together confectioners' sugar, warm water, and 1/2 teaspoon almond extract. Drizzle over top of cake. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). In a large bowl, blend together the butter or margarine and the sugar. Separate 3 of the eggs; add the yolks and the 2 remaining whole eggs to the butter mixture. Stir in the vanilla and water. In another bowl, sift together the baking powder and flour. Add these dry ingredients to the creamed mixture. Whip 3 egg whites until they are foamy. Add 1 tablespoon sugar. Continue to whip the whites until they are stiff, but not dry. Fold whipped whites into batter. Pour the batter into a greased 10 x 4 inch tube pan. Wrap a large coin in foil, and place the coin in the batter. Press the coin down; it should be completely hidden. Sprinkle the nuts and seeds on top of the batter. Bake the cake for about 70 minutes, or until done. Cool on a wire rack. 
Grind the chocolate wafers and 3 ounces of chocolate in a food processor; the crumbs should be small. Mix in 3 tablespoons of sugar. Melt 7 tablespoons of butter or margarine, and add it to the chocolate crumbs. Press into the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan. Melt 12 ounces of chocolate, and cool slightly. Blend in cream cheese, 1 3/4 cups sugar, eggs, 1/2 cup cream, cocoa, vanilla, and peppermint extract. Pour this in crust. Bake for one hour at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cool overnight. In a small bowl, mix together the sour cream and 1/4 cup sugar. Pour on top of cooled cheesecake. Bake for 20 minutes at 350 degrees F ( 175 degrees C). Chill for 6 to 8 hours. To decorate the cheesecake make a chocolate icing. In a small saucepan, simmer 1/2 cup cream and 1 tablespoon butter. Add to this 6 ounces of chocolate, and stir until melted. Remove from heat. Freeze until the mixture is piping consistency (stir occasionally). Using a pastry bag, pipe a lattice on the top. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour an 8 inch square pan. Cream butter or margarine and 1/2 cup sugar until fluffy. Add salt and vanilla. Separate eggs and reserve the whites. Add egg yolks to the sugar mixture; beat until creamy. Combine 1 1/2 cups flour and baking powder; add alternately with milk to egg yolk mixture. Coat berries with 1 tablespoon flour and add to batter. In a separate bowl, beat whites until soft peaks form. Add 1/4 cup of sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, and beat until stiff peaks form. Fold egg whites into batter. Pour into prepared pan. Sprinkle top with remaining 1 tablespoon sugar. Bake for 50 minutes, or until cake tests done. 
Pour boiling water over oats and bran cereal, and let stand 10 minutes. Combine the remaining ingredients, and add oat mixture to them. Pour into two 8 or 9 inch pans. Bake at 350 degrees F ( 175 degrees C) for 30 to 40 minutes. To make muffins bake about 15 minutes, or until toothpick comes out clean. 
In a large bowl, mix together butter or margarine, sugar, eggs and vanilla. Set aside. In another bowl, sift together flour, salt, soda, and baking powder. Add these dry ingredients to the creamed mixture. Add sour milk and bananas to the batter. Beat together well. Line two 9 inch round cake pans, or one 9 x 13 inch pan with wax paper; the pans can be greased and floured instead, if desired. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 17 to 20 minutes for the layered cakes, or for 25 to 40 minutes for the sheet cake. 
Blend together the cream cheese and cream until light and fluffy. Sift the sugar, and add to the cream cheese blend. 
In a large bowl, cream together the butter or margarine and sugar. Add the eggs, beating well after each addition. In another bowl, sift together the flour and spices. Blend these dry ingredients into the sugar mixture. Dissolve the soda in the sour milk, and add to the batter. Grate the chocolate, and add to the batter. Pour batter into a greased and floured 8 inch round pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 minutes, or until done. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8 inch pans. In a saucepan, simmer the raisins in the water on medium low heat. In a large bowl, cream together the sugar and shortening until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg. Sift together flour, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg and allspice. Blend these dry ingredients into the sugar mixture. Mix thoroughly. Strain the raisins. Discard the raisin pulp. Add water to the raisin juice to make 3/4 cup liquid, and add to the batter. Add the chopped nuts. Spread the batter evenly into the prepared pan. Bake for 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the top springs back when lightly touched. Cool the cake on a wire rack, and frost. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10 inch tube or Bundt pan. Sprinkle nuts over the bottom of the pan. Mix together the cake mix, 1/2 cup dark rum, eggs, 1/2 cup water, oil, and vanilla pudding mix. Pour batter over the nuts in the pan. Bake for 1 hour. Cool, and invert cake on a serving plate. Prick the top of the cake. To Make The Glaze: Melt the butter in a saucepan. Stir in 1/8 cup water and the 1/2 cup sugar. Boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove glaze from heat, and stir in 1/4 cup rum. Drizzle and smooth evenly over the top and sides. 
In a large mixing bowl, add the following ingredients one at a time, beating well after each addition: eggs, white sugar, 2 tablespoons butter or margarine, oil, 1/2 cup cocoa, buttermilk and vanilla. (Instead of buttermilk you can use 3 tablespoons softened butter or margarine, 1/2 cup milk and 1 tablespoon vinegar.) Sift the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt; add to the sugar and egg mixture. Blend well. Fold in the boiling water. Place batter in two greased and floured 8 inch round cake pans. Sprinkle 1/2 cup chocolate chips over each pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 minutes. Cool. To Make the Icing: Begin by beating together 1/2 cup butter or margarine, confectioners' sugar and 2/3 cup cocoa; add 1 teaspoon vanilla, milk and coffee. Beat until very smooth. Add more confectioners' sugar until you obtain the consistency you want. Spread on cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour one 10 inch tube or bundt pan. Mix together the yellow cake mix, vanilla pudding, vegetable oil, cream sherry, eggs, vanilla extract, almond extract, and poppy seeds, beat at medium speed with an electric mixer for approximately 7 minutes. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 to 50 minutes. Variations: Poppy seeds may not work with these variations: 1) chocolate cake mix with chocolate pudding, 2) white cake mix with pistachio pudding and a dash of green food coloring (nice for St. Patrick's Day or Christmas), 3) yellow cake mix with lemon pudding, and 4) 3/4 cup oil and 3/4 cup beer (not everyone's first choice!) 
Prepare cake mix according to package directions for two 9 inch round cake pans. Cool thoroughly. Stir ice cream to soften. Mix in food coloring, and 1/2 cup of the lemonade concentrate. Spread ice cream mixture evenly in a foil-lined, 9 inch round cake pan. Freeze until firm, about 2 to 3 hours. Place one cake layer on a serving plate. Top with ice cream layer, then top with the second layer of cake. Put the assembled cake back into the freezer. Beat the whipping cream with the remaining lemonade and sugar until fluffy, and peaks form. Frost sides and top of cake with whipped cream mixture. Return cake to freezer for at least one hour before serving. 
Allow butter to reach room temperature. Cream sugar and butter together until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time and mix well. Add in flour, powdered milk, and corn syrup. Beat each in well. Add juice of half a lemon, salt, vanilla, nutmeg and mace. Make sure everything is well blended, and pour into a greased loaf pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 45 minutes, checking for doneness by inserting a toothpick and seeing if it comes out clean. You almost want to underbake this. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch tube or Bundt pan. Sprinkle walnuts over the bottom of the pan. Mix together the yellow cake mix, 1/2 cup dark rum, eggs, 1/2 cup cold water, cooking oil and instant vanilla pudding. Pour batter over nuts. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 1 hour. Cool, invert on a serving plate and prick the top. To Make Glaze: Melt the butter in a saucepan. Stir in 1/8 cup water and sugar. Boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove mixture from heat and stir in rum. Drizzle and smooth glaze evenly over the top and sides of cake. Enjoy! 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 13 x 9 inch cake pan or two 8 inch round cake pans. Mix sugar and flour together. With two knives or a pastry blender cut the shortening into the flour and sugar until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs (as if you were making pie dough). Reserve 1/2 cup of this mixture as crumbs for top of cake. To the remaining flour mixture stir in the baking powder, eggs, milk, and vanilla and mix well. Pour batter into prepared pan. Sprinkle reserved crumb mixture over top. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 45 minutes (35 minutes if using two 8 inch round cake pans) or until center of cake springs back when lightly touched or a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. 
In a large glass, metal , or ceramic bowl beat whipping cream, sugar, and pink lemonade until fluffy and peaks form. Use immediately. 
Bake chocolate cake mix according to package directions for two 9 inch layers. Let cakes cool then split layers in half. In a saucepan mix 1-1/2 cups milk with 8 tablespoons flour, cook until thick and set aside to cool. Beat 1 1/4 cup of butter and 5 tablespoons shortening until fluffy. Add 1-1/2 cups sugar and mix well. Stir in the flour mixture. Beat until mixture stands in peaks. Stir in vanilla. Spread this mixture between the cake layers and refrigerate for 2 hours. In a saucepan combine cocoa, 1 cup sugar, salt, 1/4 cup milk, and 1/4 cup butter. Cook over low heat and bring to a boil. Boil mixture for one minute, do not stir. Remove from heat and add 1 teaspoon vanilla and beat until thick, this may take a few minutes. Once thick pour mixture over cooled cake and let drizzle down sides of cake and over top. Keep cake refrigerated. 
Prepare a bundt pan by oiling the sides. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Blend all ingredients until well moistened. Pour batter into pan. Bake for 40 minutes, or until done. Remove cake from oven, and cool. Dust top with confectioners' sugar. 
Cream butter or margarine and sugar together in a large bowl. Add vanilla, and then eggs to the mixture. In another bowl, mix together flour, soda, baking powder, and salt. Sour the milk by adding the lemon juice or vinegar. Add flour mixture alternately with soured milk to the creamed mixture. Mix cocoa and hot water together, and beat into batter. Bake 30 to 35 minutes at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cool, and frost with desired frosting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10 inch Bundt pan. In a large bowl, combine the cake mix, pudding mix, eggs, white sugar, oil, vodka, 1/4 cup liqueur, and water. Beat for four minutes. Pour batter into prepared Bundt pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 minutes, or until toothpick inserted in center of cake comes out clean. Cool on a rack. Make a glaze by combining 1/4 cup coffee liqueur and 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar. Turn cake over on a cake plate. Poke cake several times with a fork. Cover with glaze, and dust with remaining 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour an 8x4-inch loaf pan. Sift together flour and baking powder. In a large mixing bowl, cream the sugar and butter. Beat in the egg yolks. Beat in flour mixture. Stir in the vanilla and lemon extracts. In a large glass or metal mixing bowl, beat egg whites until soft peaks form. Fold 1/3 of the whites into the batter, then quickly fold in remaining whites until no streaks remain. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour. 
In a large bowl, cream the white sugar and shortening until light and fluffy. Beat the eggs, and add to the sugar mixture. Add the prunes. In another bowl, sift the flour, soda, baking powder, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt. Add these dry ingredients alternately with the buttermilk to the sugar mixture. Pour the batter into 2 greased and floured 9 inch layer pans. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for about 30 minutes. Cool. To Make the Mocha Icing: Begin by creaming the butter. Blend in the egg yolk. Sift the confectioners' sugar, cocoa, and 1 teaspoon cinnamon together. Add this sugar mixture alternately with the hot coffee to the creamed butter. Frost the cooled cake. 
Separate eggs. Sift the flour, baking powder, and salt together three times. In a large mixing bowl, beat yolks until lemon colored. mix in sugar a little at a time. Stir in the lemon extract, vanilla extract and boiling water until smooth. Stir in the flour mixture just until moistened. Whip the egg whites to soft peaks, and fold into the batter. Pour the batter into an ungreased 9 inch tube pan. Bake at 350 degrees F ( 175 degrees C) for 45 to 50 minutes. Remove the cake from the oven, and invert the pan over a bottle. Cool and remove from pan. 
Squeeze the juice from the orange, and then remove the white from the peel. Place the peel, nuts and raisins in a food processor, and grind coarsely. Add the orange juice to the nut mixture. Cream the shortening and sugar together until light and fluffy. Beat the egg, and add it to the creamed mixture. Sift together the flour, soda, baking powder, and spices. Add the flour mixture alternately with the buttermilk to the creamed mixture. Stir in 3/4 of the nut mixture, and reserve the rest for the icing. Pour batter into a greased and floured 10 inch square pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 1 hour. Cool. To Make Frosting: Blend the cream and vanilla with the confectioners' sugar in a small mixing bowl. Add the remaining nut mixture and the grated orange rind. Frost the cooled cake with this icing. 
Cream butter or margarine with sugar. Add applesauce; beat well. Stir in flour, soda, and spices. Add nuts and raisins. Pour the batter into a greased and floured 8 inch square pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 minutes, or until done. Serve warm. 
In a large bowl, cream the shortening and the white sugar together until fluffy. Add eggs one at a time to the creamed mixture, beating well after each addition. Add the flavoring. In another bowl, combine flour and baking powder together. Add these dry ingredients alternating with the milk to the creamed mixture. Stir 3/4 cup chopped cherries into the batter. Pour batter into a greased tube pan, and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 1/2 hours. To Make the Frosting: Cream together the cream cheese and the butter in a small mixing bowl. Gradually add the confectioners' sugar. Stir in the 1/4 cup cherries and coconut. Frost cake when cool. 
Drain fruit cocktail, and set fruit aside. Combine juice from fruit cocktail, milks, and eggs in a small saucepan. Cook and stir over medium low heat until thick, but not separated. Add lemon flavoring. Dice pound cake. Layer cake, custard, and fruit in a 9 x 12 casserole dish or a trifle dish. Refrigerate overnight. Serve cold. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour 2- 8 or 9 inch round cake pans. In a medium sized bowl combine flour, white sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add water, shortening, and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Beat with an electric mixer on low to medium speed until combined. Then beat on high speed for 2 minutes. Add eggs and melted chocolate and beat 2 minutes more. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes. Cool cakes on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Remove cakes from pans and let cool thoroughly on a wire rack. To Make Frosting: Beat butter until fluffy. Gradually add 2 cups of confectioner's sugar and the cocoa. Beat well than add the milk, and 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract. Beat in the remaining confectioner's sugar and any additional milk as needed for spreadability. To Make Filling: Drain cherries reserving 2/3 cup of the liquid. In a medium sauce pan combine reserved liquid and cornstarch, add fruit. Cook over medium heat and stir until thickened and bubbly. Cook and stir for more 2 minutes and then stir in the orange or cherry liqueur. Remove from heat cover and cool without stirring. Arrange one cake layer on a serving dish and spread the cooled cherry filling over the top (reserve some cherries for a garnish for top of cake). Place second layer on top filling and frost sides and top of cake with frosting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter one 9 or 10 inch springform pan. Combine the chocolate wafer crumbs, softened butter, 2 tablespoons white sugar, and the cinnamon. Mix well and press mixture into the buttered springform pan, set aside. In a medium sized bowl beat the softened cream cheese until smooth. Gradually add 1 cup white sugar mixing until well blended. Add eggs, one at a time. Beat at low speed until very smooth. Melt the 8 ounces semisweet chocolate with 2 tablespoons whipping cream in a pan or bowl set over boiling water, stir until smooth. Add chocolate mixture to cream cheese mixture and blend well. Stir in sour cream, salt, coffee, 1/4 cup coffee liqueur, and vanilla; beat until smooth. Pour mixture into prepared pan. Bake in the center of oven at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes. Center will be soft but will firm up when chilled. Do not over bake. Leave cake in oven with the heat turned off and the door ajar for 45 minutes. Remove cake from oven and chill for 12 hours. Just before serving top cake with mounds of flavored whipped cream and garnish with chocolate leaves. Yields 16 servings. To Make Flavored Whipped Cream: Beat whipping cream until soft peaks form, then beat in confectioner's sugar and 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur. To Make Chocolate Leaves: Melt 1 ounce semisweet chocolate in a pan or bowl set over boiling water, stir until smooth. Brush real non-toxic plant leaves (such as orange leaves) on one side with melted chocolate. Freeze until firm and then peel off leaves. Freeze chocolate leaves until needed. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Wrap the outside of a 10-inch springform pan with foil. Grease the inside of the pan. Place the cream cheese, sugar, and flour in a mixing bowl and cream until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Scrape bowl. Melt 4 ounces of the white chocolate. With an electric mixer on low speed, mix melted white chocolate into cream cheese mixture. Keeping electric mixer on low, slowly beat in the vanilla and 1/2 cup of heavy cream. Blend well. Pour mixture into the prepared springform pan. Place cheesecake pan in a water bath filled with warm water. Bake at 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) for 50 to 60 minutes, or until center of the cheesecake is just firm. Cool at room temperature for 1 hour. Refrigerate until set before removing from pan. To make White Chocolate Brandy Sauce: place chopped white chocolate in a heat-proof bowl. Pour 1 cup cream into a saucepan and bring it to a boil over medium-high heat. Watch carefully so it doesn't boil over. Pour hot cream over chopped white chocolate; let soften for 2 minutes. Stir with a wooden spoon until melted. Add brandy and continue stirring until incorporated. Pour over chilled cheesecake and serve. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9x13 inch pan or three 8- or 9-inch round layer cake pans. Cream the butter and sugar together until smooth and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the egg yolks one at a time, beating after each one. Mix in the vanilla extract. Sift together the baking powder, flour, and salt. Add the flour mixture to the creamed mixture in three batches, alternating with the milk. Blend after each addition. Scrape down the sides and bottom of the bowl and beat an additional minute. In a separate bowl, beat the egg whites with a dash of salt until stiff peaks form. Fold one third of the egg whites into the cake batter to lighten it; gently fold in the remaining egg whites. Pour batter into prepared pan(s). Bake in preheated oven until cake springs back when touched lightly with a fingertip and a tester inserted in the center comes out clean. Cake layers may be done baking after 25 minutes; a 9x13-inch cake may take 35 minutes. Cool on wire rack. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Sift the cake flour and baking powder together. Separate the eggs, put the egg yolks into a large bowl and the egg whites into a small bowl. With an electric mixer beat the egg yolks until thick and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Gradually beat in 3/4 cup of the white sugar. Add the lemon juice and pineapple juice. Add the sifted cake flour mixture gradually while continually beating. Beat only until just blended (about 1 1/2 minutes). With an electric mixer beat the egg whites with the salt until moist peaks form (about 1 minute). Gradually beat in 3/4 cup of the white sugar (about 50 seconds). Fold the beaten egg whites into the batter and mix only until blended. Pour batter into an ungreased 10 inch tube pan. With a knife or spatula gently cut through batter going round in a circular motion six times to release any air bubbles. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for about 1 hour or until golden brown and firm to the touch. Invert pan on rack to cool. Once cake is cool loosen sides with a spatula and remove from pan. Frost cake with whipped cream and garnish with wedges of pineapple and maraschino cherries. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Sift together twice: flour, baking powder, and salt. Pour back into sifter. In a large mixing bowl beat egg yolks and whole eggs with an electric mixer until thick and lemon colored (about 5 minutes). Gradually add sugar, beating after each addition. This should take about 10 minutes. Fold in orange rind, orange juice, and lemon extract. Sift dry ingredients into egg and sugar mixture and fold in. Do not stir or beat. Add boiling water and fold in quickly, just until liquid is blended. Pour batter into one ungreased 10 inch tube pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 60 to 65 minutes. Turn cake over in pan on a wire rack and let cake hang for 1 hour or until cool. Loosen cake sides from pan with a spatula and shake from pan. Dust top lightly with confectioner's sugar or frost with Orange Butter Frosting. 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 inch round pans. In a large mixing bowl, cream together butter and sugars. Beat in the eggs. In another bowl, sift together the flours, baking powder, and salt. Add this alternately with the milk to the creamed mixture. Stir in the vanilla. Chop the chocolate chips coarsely, and add to the batter. Pour batter into prepared pans, and bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until knife inserted in middle comes out clean. You can fill with a Butterscotch Filling, and top with a Chocolate Glaze. 
Mix together the brown sugar, corn starch, salt, and water in a small saucepan. Bring mixture to a boil, and stir constantly for 1 minute. Remove from heat, and add the butter or margarine. Allow the mixture to cool slightly, and spread between layers. 
In a double boiler, melt together butter, chocolate, and syrup. Alternatively, you can melt the chocolate in the microwave, and then blend in the other ingredients. Pour glaze while still warm over cake. 
Soak cherries, mango, cranberries, currants, and citron in 1/4 cup rum for at least 24 hours. Cover tightly, and store at room temperature. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Butter a 6x3-inch round pan or loaf pan and line it with parchment paper. In a large bowl, cream together butter and brown sugar until fluffy. Beat in egg. Whisk together flour, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon; mix into butter and sugar in three batches, alternating with molasses and milk. Stir in soaked fruit and chopped nuts. Scrape batter into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 40 to 45 minutes. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then sprinkle with 2 tablespoons rum. Cut out one piece parchment paper and one piece cheesecloth, each large enough to wrap around the cake. Moisten cheesecloth with 1 tablespoon rum. Arrange cheesecloth on top of parchment paper, and unmold cake onto it. Sprinkle top and sides of cake with remaining rum. Wrap the cheesecloth closely to the surface of the cake, then wrap with paper. Place in an airtight tin, and age for at least 10 weeks. If storing longer, douse with additional rum for every 10 weeks of storage. 
In a medium bowl, combine flour, white sugar, 2 tablespoons cocoa, baking powder, and salt. Stir in the milk, oil, and vanilla until smooth. Spread in ungreased 9 inch square baking pan. Combine brown sugar and 4 tablespoons cocoa; sprinkle over batter in the pan. Pour hot water over all; do not stir. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes. Serve warm. 
Mix all ingredients right in a 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 minutes. Remove from oven and cool. Frost with your favorite frosting. 
Cream the butter until light and fluffy. In a large bowl, beat the egg whites to soft peaks. Add the sugar gradually to the egg whites, beating all the while. Add in the whipped butter. The frosting may clump at this point if the butter is at all chilled. Don't worry, it just means that the frosting will require more beating. Beat until smooth. Melt the chocolate in a double boiler or the microwave. Cool slightly; the chocolate should still be fairly warm. Beat into the butter frosting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour two 8 inch cake pans. Sift together; the cake flour, baking powder, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/3 cup sugar. Add the shortening and 3/4 cup of the milk, beat with an electric mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes, scraping bowl while beating. Add 4 of the egg whites and beat the batter for 2 more minutes , scraping bowl while beating. Fill each cake layer pan 1/3 full of batter, sprinkle half the cherries over batter, then add remaining batter, sprinkle remaining cherries on top. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 35 minutes. Remove cakes from pans and let cool. Frost with whipped cream or fluffy boiled icing and sprinkle with flaked coconut and garnish with maraschino cherry halves. To Make Fluffy Boiled Icing: Combine in a saucepan: 1 cup of the sugar, water, light corn syrup, and 1/8 teaspoon of the salt. Stir until well blended. Boil slowly without stirring until mixture will spin a long thread when a little is dropped from a spoon about 238 degrees F to 242 degrees F (116 degrees C to 118 degrees C). In a large mixing bowl beat 2 of the egg whites until stiff. Pour hot syrup over beaten egg whites while continually beating. Continue beating until mixture is very fluffy and will hold its shape. Then add vanilla and beat until blended. Spread on cake. If icing does not seem stiff enough beat in 2 or 3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar one tablespoon at a time until stiff enough to hold shape. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour two 8 inch round cake pans. Sift together; the flour, 1 cup of the sugar, the baking powder, and the salt. Beat the egg whites until stiff but still moist. Gradually beat in 1/4 cup sugar until soft peaks are formed. Add the milk, lemon extract, and shortening to the flour mixture, beat for 2 minutes, scraping bowl while beating. Fold in the egg whites and pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for about 25 minutes. Remove from pans and let cool. Fill with lemon filling and sprinkle confectioners sugar over the top or frost if desired. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour two 8 inch cake pans. Sift together into a large bowl the cake flour, 1 1/3 cups sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and 3/4 teaspoons salt. Add grated orange rind, shortening, orange juice, and 1/3 cup water. Beat on medium speed for 2 minutes with an electric mixer, scraping bowl while beating. Add two whole eggs and beat batter for 2 more minutes. Beat in the lemon juice. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 30 to 40 minutes. Remove cakes from pans and let cool. Frost with Double Boiler Icing or whipped cream. Sprinkle cake with grated orange rind and finely chopped nuts or coconut. To Make Double Boiler Icing: In the top of a double boiler put; the 2 egg whites, 1 1/2 cups of the sugar, 5 tablespoons water, 1/8 teaspoon salt, light corn syrup, and cream of tartar. Place over boiling water and beat until blended. Cook mixture beating constantly until mixture will stand in peaks. Remove from heat and add the vanilla. Continue beating until of spreading consistency, about 5 minutes. Spread onto cooled cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9x13 inch baking pan. Sift flour and baking powder together and set aside. Cream butter or margarine and the 1 cup sugar together until fluffy. Add eggs and the 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; beat well. Add the flour mixture to the butter mixture 2 tablespoons at a time; mix until well blended. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes. Pierce cake several times with a fork. Combine the whole milk, condensed milk, and evaporated milk together. Pour over the top of the cooled cake. Whip whipping cream, the remaining 1 cup of the sugar, and the remaining 1 teaspoon vanilla together until thick. Spread over the top of cake. Be sure and keep cake refrigerated, enjoy! 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour one 9x13 inch pan or two 9 inch round cake pans. Separate eggs and beat egg whites until frothy, then continue whipping and gradually add 1/2 cup of the white sugar. Beat until stiff. In a large bowl combine; the cake flour, wheat flour, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and cinnamon, mix until blended. Add the oil and the buttermilk and mix well. Add the egg yolks and mix well. Fold in the egg whites and then the carrots. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 to 35 minutes. Cool and frost with your favorite Cream Cheese frosting using light cream cheese. 
Wash and dry the raisins and the currants. Wash, dry, pit, and chop the dates. Chop the raisins and the citrus peel. Slice the cherries. Blanch the almonds, and slice them lengthwise. Combine fruits and nuts in large bowl. Grease and line 3 standard Christmas cake pans (these round pans are at least 3 inches deep and come in a set of three sizes- 5, 7, and 9 inch across) with 4 layers of heavy waxed paper, or 3 layers of brown paper. Grease again. Preheat oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Sift together flour, baking powder, soda, salt, and spices onto a piece of waxed paper. Remove 1 cup of this flour mixture, and combine with fruit and nuts. Mix until fruit is well coated. Cream the butter until fluffy. Add extracts. Gradually add sugar, mixing until creamy. Beat egg yolks until light and lemon-colored, and beat into the butter mixture. Stir in the molasses, and beat together well. Add half of the remaining flour mixture, and blend thoroughly. Beat egg whites until stiff but not dry; fold into batter. Stir in lightly the remaining flour mixture alternately with grape juice and coffee. Add floured fruit and nuts, blending in until fruit is well distributed. Turn batter into prepared cake tins, filling each about 2/3 full and spreading batter evenly. Bake in center of oven. Bake small cake 2 1/2 hours, medium cake 3 1/2 hours, and large cake 4 to 4 1/2 hours. Remove from oven and allow to stand 5 minutes, then turn out on wire rack to cool. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13 inch pan. In a large bowl, beat together eggs, oil, white sugar and 2 teaspoons vanilla. Mix in flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt and cinnamon. Stir in carrots. Fold in pecans. Pour into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 40 to 50 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely. To Make Frosting: In a medium bowl, combine butter, cream cheese, confectioners' sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Beat until the mixture is smooth and creamy. Stir in chopped pecans. Frost the cooled cake. 
Wash and dry raisins. Cut peel in paper-thin strips. Blanch almonds, and slice lengthwise. Slice cherries in half. Combine fruit and nuts in large bowl, and add 1/2 cup of the sifted flour; mix until fruit is well coated. Grease and line cake pans with 3 layers of heavy waxed paper, or 2 layers brown paper. These round pans are at least 3 inches deep. The small pan is 6 inches across, and the medium size pan is 9 inches across. Grease again. Preheat oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Cream butter until fluffy; add extracts and lemon rind. Gradually add sugar, mixing until creamy. Beat eggs until light and lemon-colored, and add into creamed mixture. Beat together well. Sift together remaining 2 cups flour with the baking powder and salt. Add these dry ingredients alternately with fruit and nut mixture, folding in gently until well combined. Stir in lemon juice. Turn batter into prepared cake tins, filling 2/3 full and spreading batter evenly. Bake small cake for 1 1/2 hours, and the medium size cake for 2 hours. Remove from oven. Allow to stand in tin 5 minutes. Turn cake out on wire cake rack to cool. 
In a mixing bowl, beat pumpkin, 2 cups white sugar, and oil. Add eggs, and mix well. In another bowl, combine flour, baking soda, cinnamon and salt. Add these dry ingredients to the pumpkin mixture, and beat until well blended. Pour batter into a greased 15 x 10 inch baking pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes, or until cake tests done. Cool. In a mixing bowl, beat the cream cheese, butter or margarine, and vanilla until smooth. Gradually add 1 3/4 cups confectioners' sugar, and mix well. Add milk until frosting reaches desired spreading consistency. Frost cake, and sprinkle with nuts. 
Grease and flour a 8 x 12 inch pan. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Separate 5 eggs, and beat the egg whites in a large mixing bowl. Add 1 cup sugar slowly to the egg whites, beating constantly. Add the yolks one by one, beating well after each addition. Stir in the 1 teaspoon vanilla. Sift the flour, and stir it into the egg mixture. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake the cake for 20 minutes, or until done. Cool. Blend the sweetened condensed milk, evaporated milk, milk, and 1 tablespoon vanilla. Pour this syrup over the cooled cake. To make Meringue Frosting: Beat 3 egg whites to soft peaks. Gradually add 1 cup sugar, and beat until stiff peaks form. Stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla. Frost the cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 9x13 inch cake pan or one 10 inch bundt pan. In a large bowl stir together; lemon cake mix, lemon instant pudding, water, oil, eggs, and 5 tablespoons key lime juice, mixing well. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes. Pour key lime glaze over cake while still warm. To Make Glaze: Mix together the confectioner's sugar and 3 tablespoons of the key lime juice (or more if necessary), spoon glaze over warm cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 10 inch tube pan. In a large mixing bowl cream together the butter or margarine and 2 cups of the sugar until fluffy. Add the vanilla and the eggs one at time beating mixture well after each egg. Combine flour with baking powder and baking soda. Add alternately with sour cream to egg mixture. Beating just enough after each addition to keep batter smooth. Combine walnuts, cinnamon, and remaining 3/4 cup of sugar. Spoon 1/3 of the batter into prepared pan, sprinkle with 1/3 of the walnut mixture. Repeat layers two more times. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 70 minutes or until center is done. Let cake cool in pan for 10 minutes then remove pan and let cake continue cooling on a wire rack. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour one 13x9 inch cake pan. Combine 1/2 cup of the flour and the brown sugar, cut in the butter until the mixture is crumbly, stir in the chopped nuts and set aside. In a double boiler or microwave melt chocolate chips and set aside to cool. In a large bowl mix the remaining 2 cups flour, white sugar, baking soda, and salt. Add the shortening, eggs, buttermilk, and vanilla. Blend and then beat with an electric mixer at medium speed for 2 minutes. Combine 1 cup of the batter and the melted cooled chocolate, mix well. Alternate spooning the light and the dark batters into the prepared 13x9 cake pan. Cut through with a knife to marble. Sprinkle top with the reserved nut mixture. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes or until cake tests done. Let cake cool and enjoy! 
Strain strawberries and set aside, reserving juices. In a saucepan bring cornstarch and strawberry juice to a gentle boil. Remove from heat and let cool. Whip cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla together. In a separate bowl beat whipping cream until stiff peaks form. Fold whipped cream into cream cheese mixture. Arrange ladyfingers around sides and bottom of the 8 or 9 inch springform pan, standing ladyfingers lengthwise around sides of pan. Pour 1/2 of the filling into the pan, then place a layer of ladyfingers on top of filling. Pour remaining filling over ladyfingers. Spread strawberry sauce over top of cake and place the whole strawberries on top. Refrigerate and remove from pan once thoroughly chilled. 
Cream the butter and shortening together until smooth. Gradually add the sugar, milk, and vanilla extract. Mix until smooth. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 8 x 8-inch pan. Cream together the sugar and butter. Add the flour, milk, salt, and baking powder. Mix well and pour into prepared pan. Spread fruit evenly over the top of the batter and pour juice from canned peaches over top. Bake in at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 minutes or until fully browned on top. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). To Make Topping: Combine 6 tablespoons of the unsalted butter or margarine, 1 cup of the packed brown sugar, and the honey in a medium sized saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring with a wooden spoon, until well blended and smooth. Pour into an ungreased 13x9 inch baking pan, tilting to evenly coat the bottom of the pan. Arrange pineapple slices in a decorative pattern in pan and sprinkle with dried currants and 1/4 cup of the sliced almonds In a small bowl combine rum, pineapple juice, and buttermilk. In another small bowl mix flour, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt, and cloves together. In a large bowl cream 6 tablespoons of the butter and 1 cup of the packed brown sugar together until smooth. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla and almond extracts, scraping down the sides of the bowl. In three additions, beat in on low speed of an electric mixer the flour and the rum mixtures alternately, beating for about 45 seconds after each addition. Scrape down sides of bowl when needed. Spoon batter over the pineapple in the pan, spreading evenly. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted into the center comes out clean. Remove pan from oven and let stand for about 10 minutes. Turn pan upside down onto a serving platter and let stand in pan for 10 more minutes. Remove pan and garnish with sliced almonds, if desired. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 9x13 inch pan. Mix cake mix according to package directions. Pour a little less than half of the batter into prepared pan and bake for 15 minutes at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) remove from oven. Melt caramels, margarine, and milk in the microwave on high (takes about 10 minutes), stirring a couple times. Or alternately melt in a sauce pan over medium low heat. Pour melted caramel mixture over cake, sprinkle with pecans, and chocolate chips, and pour remaining cake batter over the top. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 to 35 minutes. 
Mix with a spoon (not an electric mixer) the cake mix, cherry pie filling, eggs, and almond extract until moistened. Spread into 9 x 13-in greased pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes. To Make Frosting: Bring sugar, butter, and milk to a boil. Boil for 1 minute. Add chocolate chips; stir until chips are melted. Pour frosting over warm cake. Cool. 
Prepare cake mixes and bake according to package directions (any size pan). Prepare pudding according to package directions and chill until ready to assemble. Crumble sandwich cookies in small batches in a food processor, scraping often. Set aside all but 1/4 cup. To the 1/4 cup add a few drops of green food coloring and mix. When cakes are cooled to room temperature, crumble them into a large bowl. Toss with 1/2 of the remaining cookie crumbs, and the chilled pudding. You probably won't need all of the pudding, you want the cake to be just moist, not soggy. Line kitty litter box with the kitty litter liner. Put cake mixture into box. Put half of the unwrapped tootsie rolls in a microwave safe dish and heat until softened. Shape the ends so that they are no longer blunt, and curve the tootsie rolls slightly. Bury tootsie rolls randomly in the cake and sprinkle with half of the remaining cookie crumbs. Sprinkle a small amount of the green colored cookie crumbs lightly over the top. Heat 3 or 4 of the tootsie rolls in the microwave until almost melted. Scrape them on top of the cake and sprinkle lightly with some of the green cookie crumbs. Heat the remaining tootsie rolls until pliable and shape as before. Spread all but one randomly over top of cake mixture. Sprinkle with any remaining cookie crumbs. Hang the remaining tootsie roll over side of litter box and sprinkle with a few green cookie crumbs. Serve with the pooper scooper for a gross Halloween dessert. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees (175 degrees C). Lightly grease two 9 inch layer pans. Mix flour, baking soda, baking powder, cocoa, and sugar into a large bowl. Stir in mayonnaise. Gradually add water and vanilla and blend until smooth. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes. Cool, remove from pans, and frost with your favorite chocolate frosting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Dump pineapple and cherries into one 9x13 inch pan and mix together. Top with cake mix and slice butter or margarine over mix. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes or until brown and bubbling. Remove and serve warm or cold. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 9x13 inch pan. Prepare cake mix according to package directions and pour 1/2 of the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 15 minutes. In a saucepan melt caramels, 3/4 cup of the butter or margarine, and evaporated milk, pour over baked cake. Sprinkle chocolate chips and chopped pecans over caramel mixture. Pour remaining cake batter on top and bake for 20 minutes at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cool and frost. To Make Frosting: Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter or margarine and the unsweetened chocolate together. Remove from heat and add the corn syrup, vanilla, confectioner's sugar, and milk, mix well and use to frost cooled cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch bundt or tube pan. In a saucepan combine raisins with water and cook until the water is absorbed, cool. Combine eggs, applesauce, vegetable oil, vanilla, and liquid sweetener. Mix well. Sift flour, baking soda, salt, ground cinnamon, and ground nutmeg into egg mixture. Stir until just combined. Mix in raisins and chopped nuts. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for one hour. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9x13 inch cake pan. Dump the flour, white sugar, eggs, 1/2 cup butter or margarine, salt, baking soda, cinnamon, 1 teaspoon vanilla, chopped nuts, and fruit pie filling into a bowl and stir. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour. To Make Icing: Mix together until fluffy the confectioner's sugar, 1/2 cup butter or margarine, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and the cream cheese. Spread icing on top of cooled cake. 
Bake German chocolate cake mix according to package directions. While cake is still very warm poke holes in top of cake with the end of a wooden spoon, poor sweetened condensed milk over top. Let cake cool. Pour hot fudge topping over top of cake and let set. Spread on whipped topping and garnish with crushed Heath (TM) Bars (toffee crumbles). 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a bowl combine flour, packed brown sugar, quick-cooking oats, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Cut in the butter until the mixture is crumbly. Press half of the mixture into an ungreased 9 inch round baking pan. Combine chopped rhubarb and strawberries; spoon into baking pan. In a saucepan combine sugar, cornstarch, water, and vanilla. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Cook and stir for 2 minutes. Pour mixture over fruit. Sprinkle fruit with the remaining crumb mixture. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour. Wonderful when served with vanilla ice cream. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8 or 9 inch round cake pans. Sift all-purpose flour, salt, baking soda, and cocoa together. Whip mayonnaise, white sugar, cold water, and vanilla together until mixed thoroughly. Add flour mixture slowly and beat at medium speed of an electric mixer for 2 minutes. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes. Frost with your favorite frosting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Heavily grease and flour two 9x5 inch loaf pans. Sift together flour, baking soda, and salt. Set aside. In a large bowl, cream butter or margarine, and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs, one at a time. Mix lemon juice and yogurt together and add alternately with the sifted flour mixture to the butter mixture. Mix until just blended. Stir in lemon rind and poppy seeds. Pour mixture into prepared pans and smooth tops. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 minutes or until browned and a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool on rack for 15 minutes before turning out of pans. 
Grease two 9 inch round pans. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Make a paste of cocoa and food coloring. Set aside. Combine the buttermilk, salt and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Set aside. In a large bowl, cream together the shortening and 1 1/2 cups sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs one at a time, then stir in the cocoa mixture. Beat in the buttermilk mixture alternately with the flour, mixing just until incorporated. Stir together baking soda and vinegar, then gently fold into the cake batter. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow to cool completely before frosting. Refrigerate until ready to serve. To Make Icing: In a saucepan, combine the milk and 5 tablespoons flour. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens. Set aside to cool completely. Cream together butter, 1 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla until light and fluffy, then stir in the cooled milk and flour mixture, beating until icing reaches spreading consistency. 
Separate the eggs. Combine flour, 1 1/2 cups sugar, baking powder and salt in bowl. Make well in center and add oil, egg yolks, cold water, 1 cup coconut and orange peel. Beat until smooth. Beat egg whites with cream of tartar until stiff peaks form. Gradually pour egg yolk mixture over egg whites, folding gently until blended. (Do not blend or stir). Pour batter into ungreased 10 inch tube pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 1 hour, 15 minutes or until cake springs back when lightly pressed. Invert pan on funnel to cool cake completely. Combine pineapple, 1 cup sugar and butter in saucepan. Cook stirring until mixture comes to boil. Boil 5 minutes stirring frequently. Remove from heat and stir in rum. Remove cake from pan, place on serving plate and pierce all over with fork. Spoon mixture over cake. Garnish with coconut.....Good Eating!!! 
Bake cake as directed on box for a 9 x 13 inch cake. As soon as it comes out of the oven, punch holes all over the top of the cake with a meat fork (try not to hit bottom, but if you do, it's alright). Mix condensed milk and Pina Colada mix together and pour over cake. Chill overnight. Before serving, frost with whipped dessert topping (Cool Whip (TM) ) and sprinkle with coconut. 
Grease a 9 x 13 pan, and preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine cake mix, pudding mix, slightly beaten eggs, and vegetable oil in a mixing bowl. Beat on medium speed until batter is light and fluffy. Add 7-UP (TM) , and beat in well. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, or till done. While cake is baking, prepare the topping; it will take about 15 minutes to prepare. In a medium non-aluminum saucepan, combine sugar and flour. Stir in 2 eggs, butter or margarine, and pineapple. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until thickened. Remove from heat, and stir in coconut. Spread topping over warm cake. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10 inch tube pan. Cream together 1cup butter or margarine, shortening, brown sugar, and 1 cup white sugar. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla. Sift 2 1/2 cups of the flour and baking powder. Add alternately with milk to the creamed mixture. Stir 1/2 cup flour with the chopped pecans, then fold into the batter. Pour into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 60 to 90 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Let stand in pan 10 minutes, and then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely. To Make Frosting: In a small saucepan, beat 1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup white sugar, butter or margarine, and milk together. Bring to a rolling boil, and cook for one minute. Remove from heat, and stir in vanilla. Cool, then beat until thickened. Add a little milk if it too thick. Spread on cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10x15 inch jellyroll pan. In a large bowl, beat eggs and sugar with an electric mixer on high speed for five minutes. Gradually mix in pumpkin and lemon juice. Combine the flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, and ginger; stir into the pumpkin mixture. Spread batter evenly into the prepared pan. Sprinkle pecans over the top of the batter. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, or until the center springs back when touched. Loosen edges with a knife. Turn out on two dishtowels that have been dusted with confectioners' sugar. Roll up cake using towels, and let cool for about 20 minutes. In a medium bowl, combine cream cheese, butter, 1 cup confectioners' sugar, and vanilla. Beat until smooth. Unroll pumpkin cake when cool, spread with filling, and roll up. Place pumpkin roll on a long sheet of waxed paper, and dust with confectioners' sugar. Wrap cake in waxed paper, and twist ends of waxed paper like a candy wrapper. Refrigerate overnight. Serve chilled; before slicing, dust with additional confectioners' sugar. 
In a large bowl, combine flour, baking powder and shortening, and mix until crumbly. Add sugar, eggs, and milk; mix thoroughly. Divide batter into two 8 inch round or square greased baking pans. Dot the top with 1/2 cup butter broken into pieces the size of lima beans. Sprinkle top with 1/4 cup brown sugar for each cake, sprinkle cinnamon on top. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for about 30 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9-inch cake pans or one 9x13-inch pan. Beat 2 cups sugar and shortening with an electric mixer in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Add the egg yolks one at a time, allowing each yolk to blend into the butter mixture before adding the next. Mix in the vanilla. Place coconut in a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Whisk coconut together with flour and baking powder; set aside. In a separate bowl, beat the egg whites until medium-stiff peaks form. Pour the flour mixture into the batter alternately with the milk, mixing until just incorporated. Using a whisk or rubber spatula, gently fold 1/3 of the egg white mixture into the batter to lighten. Fold in remaining egg whites. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake in preheated oven until cake springs back when lightly touched with a finger and a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes for layers or 40 minutes for a 9x13-inch pan. Let cakes cool completely on wire racks. To Make White Frosting: shake 6 tablespoons flour and 1 cup milk in a jar. Transfer to a saucepan. Cook mixture over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture has thickened, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool. Beat 1 cup sugar, butter, and 1/2 cup shortening with an electric mixer until smooth and fluffy. Add cooled milk mixture and beat well; stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla. 
Butter a 9 inch square metal pan. Place a sheet of parchment paper in the bottom. Butter the parchment, and flour the whole pan. Position the rack of the oven to the lowest level, and preheat the broiler. In a large bowl, cream the butter or margarine until light and fluffy. Add in the almond paste in small chunks; beat until smooth. Add the confectioners' sugar, cornstarch, vanilla, and salt. Beat in the yolks one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat until smooth. In another bowl, beat the egg whites to soft peaks. Add in the sugar slowly while continuing to beat the meringue to stiff, glossy peaks. Fold the meringue into the yolk mixture. Sift the flour over this, and fold in. Spoon a small amount of batter onto the parchment in the baking pan. With a pastry brush, paint the batter on. You want to cover the paper completely, but have a thin layer. Place under the broiler, and cook until light brown; this should take about 1 to 2 minutes. Brush another layer of the batter over the cake, and place under the broiler. Continue on in this way until all of the batter is used. Cool completely. Turn the cake out of the pan, and trim the edges clean. In a double boiler, combine the chocolate and the oil. Heat until the chocolate is smooth. With a pastry brush, brush one side of the trimmed cake with some chocolate. Don't make it too thick. Allow this to harden. Turn the cake over, and brush the other side. Allow the cake to set. Cut the cake into 6 narrow strips, each about 1-1/2 inches wide. Brush the sides and top with the glaze, and allow to set. Store in the refrigerator, but serve at room temperature. 
Place all of the ingredients in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade, and process for 5 minutes. Stop once in a while and wipe down the sides. Transfer to a bowl of a stand-up mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix on medium-high until white and fluffy, at least 15 minutes. Use straight away. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a mixing bowl, combine 1 1/2 cups of graham cracker crumbs and the butter or margarine with your hands. Flatten out crust on the bottom of the springform pan. In a large bowl, beat softened cream cheese until smooth. Beat in sweetened condensed milk and mix until combined well. Add the eggs, sour cream and vanilla, and continue to beat. Mix until very smooth, and pour mixture into the springform pan. Sprinkle the remaining 1/2 cup graham cracker crumbs over the top of the batter. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes. Let stand and cool. Refrigerate to chill. 
Combine cherries, hot water, and almond extract: let stand 20 minutes. Drain cherries, and pat dry between layers of paper towels. Set aside. In a large bowl, combine flour, salt, baking powder, and 1 cup white sugar. Add yogurt, eggs, and oil. Stir well. Fold in cherries. Pour batter into a greased and floured 9 inch round cake pan. Stir pecans and 1 tablespoon white sugar together. Sprinkle on top of batter in pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 minutes, or until wooden pick comes out clean. Cool in pan on wire rack 10 minutes. Serve warm, or at room temperature. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch tube pan. Combine oil, butter or margarine, and sugar together. Beat well with a mixer. Add eggs, flour, baking soda, salt, and vanilla; mix well. Stir in apples, coconut, raisins, and walnuts. Pour batter in prepared pan. Bake for 90 minutes. Remove cake from oven. Let it cool in the pan for a few minutes, and then remove from pan. If desired, make glaze. In a small saucepan, heat brown sugar, butter or margarine, and milk. Bring mixture to boil, and stir for 1 minute. Pour over warm cake. 
In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, salt, cocoa, and white sugar. To the sifted ingredients, add the 10 tablespoons butter or margarine, vinegar, and warm water. Mix thoroughly, but do not beat. Pour batter into ungreased 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C)for 30 to 35 minutes. Remove cake from oven, but keep it in the pan. Cream together peanut butter, brown sugar, milk, and 1/4 cup butter or margarine. Spread icing onto cake. Place under broiler until brown and bubbly. 
Sift together flour, baking powder, soda, salt, and sugar. Stir butter just to soften, and add to flour mixture. Add 1 cup milk until all flour is dampened. Beat 2 minutes at medium speed, or 300 vigorous strokes by hand. Add to the flour mixture eggs, vanilla, melted chocolate, food coloring, and remaining 1/4 cup milk. Beat 1 minute in mixer, or 150 strokes by hand. Line the bottoms of two 9 inch round cake pans with parchment paper. Pour the batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes. Cool. Frost with Chocolate Torte Frosting when completely cooled. 
Combine eggs and sugar, and mix well. Cook in a double boiler, stirring constantly until thickened. Pour mixture into a medium size bowl, and add chocolate. Beat until cool. Beat in butter or margarine. Chill frosting until thick enough to spread. 
Combine cookie or graham cracker crumbs with butter or margarine. Press into bottom and partially up sides of 9 inch springform pan. Refrigerate. In a large bowl, beat with an electric mixer the cream cheese, sugar, lime peel, and cornstarch until smooth and fluffy. Beat in eggs one at a time, blending just until smooth. Add key lime juice with mixer on low. Finish mixing by hand. Do not over beat, or cake will crack during baking. Pour batter into prepared crust. Bake at 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) for 55 to 65 minutes, or until set. To minimize cracking, place a shallow pan half full of hot water on lower rack during baking. Turn oven off, and let cheesecake stand in oven 30 minutes with the door open at least 4 inches. Remove from oven. Refrigerate cake overnight, and up to three days. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9 inch square pan. In a large bowl, sift together flour, soda, sugar, and salt. Add the water, mayonnaise, and melted chocolate. Mix together well. Bake for 35 minutes, or until done. Frost with your favorite icing. 
In a mixing bowl, cream shortening until fluffy. Add sugar, and continue creaming until well blended. Add salt, vanilla, and 6 ounces whipping cream. Blend on low speed until moistened. Add additional 2 ounces whipping cream if necessary. Beat at high speed until frosting is fluffy. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9 x 13 inch pan. To a large mixing bowl, add sugar, eggs, and vanilla; beat at high speed for 3 minutes, until nice and light. Add mayonnaise and melted chocolate; beat on low until well blended. In a separate bowl, mix flour, soda, and baking powder together. Add flour alternately with the water to the chocolate mixture in four additions, beating well after each addition. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 45 minutes. Cool. 
In a large bowl, blend together butter or margarine, white sugar, 1/2 cup brown sugar, sour cream, eggs, and vanilla. Add to these ingredients the flour, baking powder, and soda. Blend until smooth. To Make Filling: Combine cinnamon and 1/4 cup brown sugar. Grease and flour a large Bundt pan. Pour 1/2 of the batter into the prepared pan. Sprinkle the cinnamon sugar mix on top of the batter in the pan, and cover with the remaining batter. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 to 50 minutes. Cool. Make a thick glaze by mixing together confectioners' sugar with 2 to 3 tablespoons milk until smooth. Pour over cooled cake, and add sprinkles if desired. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Melt 1/4 cup butter or margarine in an 8-inch square pan. Sprinkle with brown sugar and nutmeg. Arrange peach halves, cut side down, in pan. In a large bowl, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg. Stir together flour, baking powder and salt. Add flour mixture to creamed mixture alternately with milk, beating well after each addition. Spread batter over peaches. Bake in preheated oven until lightly browned on top, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove cake from oven, and let stand in pan for 5 minutes; invert onto serving platter. 
Spread butter or margarine in bottom of 8 inch round baking dish. Sprinkle with brown sugar and arrange very well drained peaches and halved cherries on top. In a large bowl, cream shortening and sugar together thoroughly. Blend in unbeaten egg, and beat well. In a separate bowl, sift together flour, baking powder and salt. Add these dry ingredients to creamed mixture alternately with the juice. Stir in orange rind until evenly distributed. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 to 50 minutes, or until cake is done. Allow cake to cool 5 to 10 minutes in the pan. Invert over serving plate to remove cake, and allow syrup to drain a minute. 
Cream shortening and sugar. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in vanilla. In another bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt and cocoa. Add flour mixture to creamed ingredients alternately with the water, ending with dry ingredients. Mix well until smooth. Blend in sauerkraut. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes. Top with Fluffy Creamy Frosting. 
Cream together shortening and half of the confectioners' sugar. Mix together powdered milk and water. Add to the creamed mixture along with the rest of the confectioners' sugar. Mix well. Stir in the unsweetened chocolate, salt, vanilla and unbeaten egg white. Mix well and beat until fluffy. Spread on cooled cake. 
Grease and flour a 9 x 13 inch cake pan. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Mix together sugar, eggs, fruit cocktail, soda, and flour. Pour batter into prepared pan. Mix the brown sugar and nuts together, and sprinkle mixture onto the batter. Bake for 40 minutes, or until done. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10 inch Bundt pan to within an inch of the top of the pan. It is very important not to grease and flour clear to the top. it will run over, make an awful mess in your oven, and the cake will fall.. Mix together the flour and baking soda. Set aside. In microwave or double boiler, melt 7 milk chocolate covered caramel and nougat candy bars with 1/2 cup butter. Stir until smooth, and set aside to cool. In a large bowl, cream sugar and 1/2 cup softened butter until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs one at a time, then stir in the vanilla. Beat in the flour mixture alternately with the buttermilk. Stir in the melted candy mixture. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for about 60 minutes, or until toothpick inserted in cake comes out dry. To make the glaze: Melt 3 milk chocolate covered caramel and nougat candy bars with 6 tablespoons butter. Pour glaze over top of the cake, and let it run down the sides. Sprinkle with chopped nuts if desired. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8 inch round cake pans. Sift cake flour and combine with baking powder, and salt. Set mixture aside. With and electric mixer, beat shortening, sugar, and vanilla until fluffy. Add flour mixture and milk alternately to the shortening mixture. Beat egg whites until stiff peaks form. Fold egg whites into flour mixture then fold in chopped candy bars. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 20 minutes. Let cakes cool in pans for 10 minutes then remove from pans. Drizzle with melted caramel if desired. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 13x9 inch cake pan. Make cake mix according to package directions. Pour 1/2 of the batter into the prepared pan and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 minutes. In a saucepan over medium low heat melt caramels, margarine, and milk. Pour over top of baked cake. Top with chocolate chips and 1/2 of the walnuts. Pour remaining cake batter over top and sprinkle with the remaining walnuts. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes more. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour one 10 inch bundt pan. Melt candy bars and 1/2 cup of the butter or margarine in the top half of a double boiler. Let cool. Cream remaining 1/2 cup butter or margarine with the sugar. Add eggs one at a time mixing well after each one. Add buttermilk alternately with flour and soda to egg mixture. Add vanilla and melted candy mixture and mix until smooth. Fold in chopped pecans and pour into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees (175 degrees C) for one hour. Cool for 15 minutes in the pan then turn out onto wire rack to cool. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour two 9 inch square cake pans. In the top of a double boiler, combine the cut up candy bars, water, and peanut butter. Heat and a stir until well melted and blended. Set mixture aside to cool. Mix together the flour, baking soda, and salt. Set aside. Separate the egg whites from the yolks. Beat the egg whites until stiff peaks are formed. Set aside. In a large bowl, cream butter or margarine thoroughly. Gradually add the sugar and beat in the 4 unbeaten egg yolks, vanilla, and cooled candy bar mixture. Mix until smooth and add 1/4 cup of the buttermilk. Stir in the flour mixture alternately with the remaining 1 cup of buttermilk, mix only until just blended. Gently fold in the stiffly beaten egg whites. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes. Let cakes cool in pans for 5 minutes then turn out onto a cake rack to finish cooling. Serve with ice cream or whipped cream, if desired. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Spray the bottom of one 9 inch springform pan with no fat cooking spray. Sprinkle graham cracker crumbs on the bottom of the pan. In a mixing bowl beat the cream cheese until fluffy. Gradually beat in the condensed milk until smooth. Add egg substitute and lemon juice (or lime juice) mixing well. Pour mixture into prepared pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 40 to 45 minutes or until center is set. Cool and then chill. Keep cake refrigerated 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour one 9x13 inch baking pan. In a large mixing bowl, cream 1/2 cup of the butter and all of the white sugar until light. Beat in eggs one at a time, mixing well after each one. Stir in 1 teaspoon of the vanilla. Sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda,1/4 teaspoon of the salt, and cocoa. Add to creamed mixture alternately with the water beating after each addition. Stir in the sauerkraut. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes. Let cake cool in pan and then frost with Sour Cream Chocolate Frosting. To Make Frosting: Melt semi-sweet chocolate chips and the 4 tablespoons of butter. Blend in the sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1/4 teaspoon salt. Gradually add confectioner's sugar until frosting is of spreading consistency. Beat well. Spread onto cooled cake. 
Melt chocolate and the butter together. Let cool and blend in the sour cream, vanilla, and salt. Gradually add the confectioner's sugar until the frosting is of spreading consistency, beat well. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter one 9x13 inch cake pan. Melt the butter slightly. Mix it with 2 of the eggs and cake mix. Pour batter into prepared pan. Mix the remaining 2 eggs with the cream cheese, and the confectioner's sugar. Pour this mixture evenly over the first mixture. Do not stir. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease an 8-inch square baking pan. Line bottom with parchment or wax paper, or dust lightly with flour. Sift together the flour, salt, and baking powder. Beat butter and white sugar until fluffy and light in color. Gradually add eggs, beating well after each addition; stir in vanilla. Add the sifted dry ingredients to the creamed mixture alternately with the milk. Stir until just blended (see Cook's Note for Blueberry Cake variation). Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for until cake springs back when lightly touched, about 30 minutes. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes before inverting onto wire rack to cool completely. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch bundt pan. Cream together the white sugar and 1 cup of the butter. Add the eggs one at time, beating mixture well after each. Mix the baking soda with the buttermilk. Add to butter mixture and beat. Sift flour three times before measuring. Add sifted flour and 1/4 teaspoon salt to the butter mixture. Stir in the 2 teaspoons vanilla. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for one hour. Let cake cool and top with Caramel Icing. To Make Caramel Icing: In a saucepan over medium heat cook the brown sugar, remaining 1/2 cup butter, and the evaporated milk. Stirring frequently bring mixture to a boil and let boil for 3 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the 1 teaspoon vanilla, beat until thick. Pour over top of cooled bundt cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a 17-1/2x11-1/2 inch jelly roll pan with foil leaving a 2 inch overhang on short sides, fold overhang under the pan. Spray with foil with non-stick cooking spray and dust with flour. Tap out any excess flour. In the top of a double boiler over hot, not simmering, water, melt the chocolate with the coffee stirring until smooth. Remove from double boiler and cool about 10 minutes until tepid. Separate the eggs. With an electric mixer beat the egg yolks at medium speed until blended. Add 1/2 cup sugar in slow steady stream, beating. Increase speed of mixer to medium high and continue beating 3 - 5 minutes until pale yellow and tripled in volume. Beat in the tepid chocolate mixture and vanilla until blended. Beat egg whites until frothy, increase speed of mixer and beat until soft peaks start to form. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar and beat until stiff peaks. Fold 1/3 whites into egg yolk/chocolate mixture to lighten it. Fold in remaining whites gently, don't over fold or you'll deflate the cake. Spread batter into prepared pan and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 12-15 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean or cake springs back when gently touched in center. Run knife around edges of pan, invert on clean kitchen towel. Peel off foil and starting on one long side roll the cake with towel into long cylinder. Cool on a rack for 20 minutes. When cool spread with mousse or whipped cream or pudding mixed with whipped cream and roll up again. Dust with cocoa if desired or powdered sugar. Great served with raspberries on the side as garnish. 
Line one 9x5 inch loaf pan with plastic wrap, allowing wrap to hang over edges a few inches. In a large bowl, combine the graham crackers, red and green cherries, pineapple, pecans, and the sweetened condensed milk, using your hands mix thoroughly. Place mixture into lined pan and cover well. Freeze for at least 8 hours or overnight before serving. When ready to serve; invert onto a serving platter, remove pan and plastic wrap, and slice. Store any remaining cake in the freezer. 
Cream 1/4 of the butter and the brown sugar until fluffy. Beat in egg and molasses. Mix flour with cinnamon, ginger, and baking soda. Add to creamed mixture alternately with the buttermilk. Pour batter into an 8 or 9 inch microwave safe glass pan. Microwave for 4 to 5 minutes on medium. Rotate 4 times while cooking. Microwave 2 to 3 minutes on high. Cake is done when a toothpick inserted into the middle comes out clean. Serve warm or cold with Lemon Sauce. To Make Lemon Sauce: Combine the white sugar and cornstarch. Stir until well mixed; add water. Microwave 2 to 3 minutes. Stir every 30 seconds, until mixture has thickened and boiled for 30 seconds. Watch carefully so that it does not boil over. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter, lemon zest, and lemon juice. Serve warm or cold. 
Lightly grease a Bundt pan. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Pour pie filling into bottom of bundt pan, and on top of that pour the pineapple. Pour dry cake mix on top of pineapple. Slice butter or margarine over cake mix. Bake for 35 to 45 minutes. This cake is best when served warm. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Line bottoms of two 9-inch cake pans with parchment or waxed paper. To Make Cake: Melt 6 ounces of semisweet chocolate and 6 ounces of unsweetened chocolate in the top of a double boiler, or in a microwave. Cool, and beat in egg yolks. In a large bowl, beat butter, 1 1/2 cups sugar, and vanilla until light and fluffy. Add chocolate mixture, and continue beating until smooth. Stir in flour until just combined. In another bowl, beat egg whites until foamy. Gradually beat in 1/2 cup sugar, and continue beating until the whites hold soft peaks. Fold whites into chocolate batter, in three additions. Pour batter into prepared pans, and smooth tops. Bake in preheated oven until a toothpick stuck into the centers of the cakes comes out with moist crumbs, about 45 minutes. Cool in pans. To Make Frosting: In a saucepan, bring cream just to a boil. Chop 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, and stir into the cream. Remove saucepan from heat, and continue stirring until smooth. Pour frosting into bowl, and press sheet of plastic wrap directly against surface of chocolate to prevent a skin from forming. Refrigerate until thick enough to spread. To Make Filling: Drain the thawed raspberries, if necessary, and combine with the jam. Sandwich the cake layers with raspberry filling. Spread top and sides with chocolate frosting. 
Beat mascarpone cheese, cream, confectioners' sugar, coffee liqueur, instant coffee, and vanilla extract together in a bowl using an electric mixer until stiff peaks form. Cut sponge cake in half horizontally, creating a top and bottom layer. Spread cream mixture on bottom layer and replace top half of cake; refrigerate for 1 hour. Dust top of cake with cocoa powder. 
In a large bowl, cream together butter or margarine and sugar. Beat in egg and vanilla. In another bowl, sift together 2 cups flour, soda, and salt. Add sifted ingredients alternately with buttermilk to creamed mixture. Toss rhubarb with 1 tablespoon flour, and stir into batter. Spoon batter into buttered 9 x 13 inch pan, and smooth the surface. Blend together 1/4 cup butter or margarine, cinnamon, and brown sugar; sprinkle evenly over batter. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9-inch square pan. In a large mixing bowl, beat eggs for 4 minutes with electric mixer. Gradually add sugar; beat until light and fluffy, 4 to 5 minutes. Whisk together the flour and baking powder, and add to egg mixture until just combined. In a saucepan, heat 1/2 cup milk and 2 tablespoons butter until butter is melted. Gradually pour into the batter, mixing constantly. Pour into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven until cake is golden and a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove cake from oven; preheat oven's broiler. Beat 1/4 cup brown sugar and 2 tablespoons butter until combined. Stir in milk to desired consistency. Stir in coconut and nuts. Spread over warm cake. Broil 4 inches from heat for 3 to 4 minutes, till golden. 
In medium saucepan, measure in sugar, water, corn syrup, and salt over medium heat. Stir to dissolve. Cook to soft ball stage, 240 degrees F (115 degrees C), without stirring. It should fall from spoon in a thin thread. Beat egg whites and cream of tartar until stiff peaks form; do this shortly before syrup has reached the soft ball stage. When ready, pour syrup in a thin stream over stiff egg whites, being careful to beat continuously the whole time. Add vanilla and beat until the right spreading consistency is achieved. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour three 9 inch round layer pans. In a large bowl, cream butter or margarine, 1 1/4 cups sugar and 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla together well. Beat until light and fluffy. Stir flour, baking powder, and salt together in another bowl. Add flour mixture to butter mixture in 3 parts alternating with milk in 2 parts, beginning and ending with flour. Using clean beaters, beat egg whites in mixing bowl until soft peaks form. Add 1/2 cup sugar gradually while beating until stiff. Fold whipped egg whites into batter. Pour into prepared pans. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until an inserted wooden pick comes out clean. Cool. To Make Filling: Stir 2 cups Lady Baltimore Frosting, raisins, nuts, cherries, and 2 teaspoons vanilla or sherry all together. Use as filling to spread between layers. Spread remaining frosting on tops and sides of cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and line with parchment two 9 inch round pans. Combine the crumbs, 1/2 cup pecans, flour, baking powder, and salt. In a large bowl, cream the butter and the light brown sugar until fluffy. Slowly beat in the egg yolks, one at a time. Stir in the vanilla. Alternately add the milk and the crumb mixture while beating on low. Beat the egg whites in a bowl until foamy. Add the sugar slowly, and beat to soft peaks. Fold into the crumb batter, and pour into the pans. Bake for 25 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean. Cool in the pans on a rack about 10 minutes, then invert and cool completely. To Make Frosting: In a saucepan over medium heat, melt the 2 tablespoon sugar until it turns golden. Remove from heat, and add 4 tablespoons of the butter; swirl. Whisk in the dark brown sugar, and place back on the heat. Bring to a boil, stirring all the time. Add the cream, and bring back to a boil. Boil 1 minute, and remove caramel from heat. Place the confectioners' sugar in a large bowl, and mixing on medium speed, slowly drizzle in the caramel. Beat until the bottom of the bowl is just barely warm, about 5 minutes. Add the remaining 1 1/4 cups butter, 1 tablespoon at a time. Beat until smooth, and chill frosting until ready to ice the cake. Frost the cake, and press the pecans into the sides. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Wash angel food tube pan in hot soapy water to ensure it is totally grease free. Sift flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt together into bowl. Make a well in center. Put egg yolks, cooking oil, orange juice, orange rind, and vanilla into well. Set aside. Don't beat yet. In a large bowl, beat egg whites and cream of tartar in mixing bowl until very stiff. Set aside. Using same beaters, beat egg yolk-flour mixture until smooth. Gently fold 1/4 at a time into egg whites. Pour batter into ungreased 10 inch angel food tube pan. Bake in oven for 60 to 70 minutes, until an inserted wooden pick comes out clean. Invert pan until cake has cooled. Remove from pan. Serve plain or frost with Orange Icing. 
Bring 4 cups of water to a boil, and cook carrots until very tender about 45 minutes. Drain cooked carrots. Return them to a moderate heat for a minute or so to cook off excess moisture. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). In a medium bowl, combine graham cracker crumbs, gingersnap crumbs, 2/3 cup ground nuts, and sugar; toss well. Work in butter until mixture is crumbly. Pat over bottom and up sides of a buttered 9 inch springform pan. Bake the crust for 7 minutes. Turn oven down to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Transfer carrots to food processor and puree for 30 seconds. Scrape down side, and puree again until absolutely smooth. Add brown sugar, ginger, lemon juice, orange zest, cinnamon, mace and allspice to the processor, and puree for 30 seconds. Scrape down sides, and repeat. Let mixture stand until cool. Add cream cheese to cooled carrot mixture, and puree for 1 minute; scrape down sides every 20 seconds. Beat in eggs, one at a time. Pour batter into crust, and sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup chopped nuts. Bake for about 50 minutes; cake tester will come out clean. Let cool. Cover loosely, and refrigerate at least 4 hours before serving. 
Sift flour, sugar, salt, soda, and cocoa together into a 9 x 13 inch ungreased cake pan. Make three wells. Pour oil into one well, vinegar into second, and vanilla into third well. Pour cold water over all, and stir well with fork. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 40 minutes, or until tooth pick inserted comes out clean. Frost with your favorite icing. 
Spray two 9 inch round cake pans with nonstick spray. Preheat oven to 350 degrees C (175 degrees C). In large mixing bowl, sift together flour, cocoa, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. In medium bowl, stir together milk, prunes, vanilla, egg whites or egg mixture, and coffee. Pour moist ingredients into dry, blending well. Divide batter equally between pans. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until toothpick comes out clean. Let cool ten minutes in pan. Invert on wire rack, cool. 
In bottom of large double boiler bring water to boil, then reduce to simmer. In top combine brown sugar, egg whites, coffee, and cream of tartar. Beat with mixer 5 to 7 minutes, or until stiff peaks form. Remove from heat. Add vanilla, and beat additional 3 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Grease a 10-inch bundt pan. Beat butter and sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until light and fluffy. The mixture should be noticeably lighter in color. Add eggs one at a time, allowing each egg to blend into the butter mixture before adding the next. Mix in vanilla. Combine flour, baking soda, and baking powder. Pour flour mixture into batter alternately with the sour cream, mixing until just incorporated. Fold in walnuts, mixing just enough to evenly combine. Pour half the batter into the prepared pan. Mix the remaining 1/4 cup of white sugar with the cinnamon. Sprinkle cinnamon sugar over the batter in the pan. Drop remaining cake batter in heaping spoonfuls over filling, covering it as best you can. Bake in preheated oven for 8 minutes. Lower heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and bake for an additional 40 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10 inch Bundt pan. In a large bowl, mix the flour, 2 cups sugar, salt, baking powder and baking soda. Blend in buttermilk, 1 cup of butter, 2 teaspoons of vanilla and 4 eggs. Beat for 3 minutes at medium speed. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 60 minutes, or until a wooden toothpick inserted into center of cake comes out clean. Prick holes in the still warm cake. Slowly pour sauce over cake. Let cake cool before removing from pan. To Make Butter Sauce: In a saucepan combine the remaining 3/4 cups sugar, 1/3 cup butter, 2 teaspoons vanilla, and the water. Cook over medium heat, until fully melted and combined, but do not boil. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease one 10 inch Bundt pan. Place chopped nuts in the bottom of the Bundt pan. With an electric mixer beat cake mix, pudding mix, eggs, oil, 1/2 cup of the water, and 1/2 cup of the rum on high speed for 2 minutes. Pour batter into prepared Bundt pan over the top of the chopped nuts. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 50 to 60 minutes. To Make Rum Glaze: In a saucepan combine the butter or margarine, sugar, 1/4 cup of the rum, and 1/4 cup of the water. Bring mixture to a boil and cook for 2 minutes. Pour immediately over still warm cake. 
Grease and flour bottom of two 9 inch round cake pans. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Melt 1/3 cup chocolate morsels. Combine melted butter or margarine with coconut, pecans, and 2/3 cup chocolate morsels; set aside. Cream butter or margarine in a large mixing bowl. Gradually add 1 1/2 cups sugar, and beat until fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Blend in melted chocolate and vanilla extract. Combine the flour, baking soda, and salt. Add these dry ingredients alternately with buttermilk to the creamed mixture, beginning and ending with dry ingredients. Mix well after each addition. Pour batter into greased pans. Sprinkle with coconut mixture. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes, or until cake springs back when touched lightly in center. Cool cake on wire racks. Beat cream with 2 tablespoons of sugar until stiff. Fill and frost cooled cake with whipped cream. Refrigerate after icing. 
In large bowl, cream together butter or margarine and brown sugar. Beat in egg and vanilla. Sift or stir together flour, baking soda and salt; gradually stir in to butter mixture. Fold in sour cream and rhubarb. Spoon batter into greased 9 x 13 inch glass baking dish. Stir together white sugar and nutmeg; sprinkle over batter. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 minutes, or until tester comes out clean. 
Dissolve yeast in 1/4 cup warm water to which 1 teaspoon of sugar has been added. Scald 2 cups milk; add 1/2 cup sugar, shortening and salt. Cool to lukewarm. Beat in eggs. Add flour enough to make medium thick batter and beat well. Add beaten eggs and dissolved yeast, beat well. Stir in the remaining flour. When too thick to mix by spoon, pour onto floured board. Knead dough until smooth and elastic. Put dough into greased bowl, and let rise until double in size. Divide into 2 parts. Knead each down, and roll out to fit 13 X 9 inch pan. Put 1 1/2 cup sugar into heavy skillet and brown, stirring all the time. Add 3 cups water. Cook until sugar is dissolved. Sir together 3 tablespoons flour and 3/4 cup milk; add to the sugar water. Cook until mixture is thick like gravy. Cool. Add allspice. Spread on unbaked coffee cakes. Mix 1 cup flour, 1/4 cup butter or margarine, 1 tablespoon sugar, and cinnamon until crumbly. Sprinkle rivels mixture over coffee cake. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 minutes, or until golden brown. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 or 10 inch bundt pan. Cream butter or margarine in a large bowl with an electric mixer on high speed. Add eggs one at a time. Gradually beat in sugar and continue creaming until light and fluffy. By hand, stir in the flour, fudge frosting, and walnuts until well blended. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 60 to 65 minutes. Cool in pan for 2 hours then remove and continue to cool if needed. Drizzle with icing or confectioner's sugar. 
Combine the yeast, and the warm water; set aside to proof for 5 minutes. Cream 3/4 cup butter and sugar until light. Beat in the eggs and yolks one at a time. Add the vanilla, milk, sour cream, and yeast. Beat until smooth. Add the flour a little at a time to form a soft dough. Add all of the flour, and continue to beat until elastic, about 8 minutes. Place dough into an oiled bowl, cover and place in a warm spot until doubled in size, about 50 minutes. Can be placed in the refrigerator overnight instead. Beat down the dough, and divide into two pieces. Place each in a buttered 9 inch square pan. Brush the top of each with 1 tablespoon of the melted butter. Cover and let rise until doubled. For the glaze, place the brown sugar, 6 tablespoons butter, cream, and honey in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, and stir until the sugar dissolves. Boil for 30 seconds. Remove from heat; add the lemon juice and almonds. Let cool slightly. Drizzle the warm glaze, not hot, over each of the cakes. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 30 minutes, or until the nuts are golden. Cool on a rack. Split the cakes lengthwise using a serrated knife, and fill with the pastry cream. Sandwich cakes back together and serve. 
Combine all ingredients in a mixing bowl. Beat on low speed of electric mixer until well blended and very smooth. 
Mix coffee in hot water, and then cool. In a large bowl, beat the yolks with the sugar until creamy. Add the oil and then the honey, beating after each addition. Beat until the mixture is smooth and creamy. Sift and then measure 3 cups of flour. Combine with salt, baking powder, baking soda, and spices. Add these dry ingredients alternately with the coffee to the honey mixture, stirring only until blended. Do not overmix. Whip egg whites until stiff. Fold in three additions into the batter. Pour into 2 greased 8 inch square pans. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the middle of cake comes out clean. 
With an electric mixer blend all ingredients until mixed. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch tube pan. Combine cake mix and pudding mix in a large bowl. Blend in eggs, vegetable oil, 4 ounces Galliano, 1 ounce vodka, and 4 ounces orange juice. Mix batter until smooth and thick and pour into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes. Let cake cool in pan for 10 minutes then remove and place on cooling rack. Spoon glaze over cake while it is still warm. To Make Glaze: Combine the remaining 1 ounce Galliano, 1 ounce vodka, and 1ounce orange juice with the confectioner's sugar and blend until smooth. Spoon glaze over warm cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 8 or 9 inch square cake pan. In a saucepan over medium high heat combine; the sugar, shortening, ground cinnamon, ground nutmeg, ground allspice, salt, raisins, and water bring to a boil and continue boiling for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool. Sift the flour, baking powder and baking soda together. Add the flour mixture to the cooled raisin mixture. Stir until just combined. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 minutes. 
Peel and slice pears thin. Mix sliced pears with white sugar, brown sugar, and nuts and let sit for one hour. After sitting puree pear mixture in a blender. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 13x9 inch pan. By hand stir in until just blended; the flour, salt, and baking soda. Add dry ingredients to pear mixture and add oil, vanilla and eggs. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour and 15 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 9x13 inch cake pan. Melt the butter or margarine. Stir melted butter or margarine along with 1 egg into the cake mix. Press into prepared pan. In a large bowl mix cream cheese, almond extract, confectioner's sugar, and the remaining 2 eggs beat for 3 minutes with an electric mixer set on medium high speed. Spread over top of cake mixture. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 to 50 minutes and until browned on top. Allow cake to cool before cutting. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour one 10 inch tube pan. Combine shortening, white sugar, eggs, buttermilk, sifted flour, baking soda, baking powder, and lemon extract and beat with an electric mixer for 3 minutes at medium speed. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) for one hour. Remove cake from pan after it has cooled. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour three 9-inch round cake pans. In a medium bowl combine the flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, white sugar, and salt. Mix well. In another bowl, beat eggs, vegetable oil, and 1 teaspoon vanilla together. Pour into egg mixture into the flour mixture and mix well. Stir in the shredded zucchini. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake in preheated oven until a tester inserted into each layer comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Allow cakes to cool in pans for 10 minutes, then invert onto a wire rack and allow to cool completely. To Make Frosting: Beat cream cheese and butter until smooth. Add the confectioner's sugar, a little at a time, and beat until smooth. Stir in 2 teaspoons vanilla. Spread between cake layers and stack to make a 3-layer cake. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 inch round cake pans. Combine 1/2 cup peanut butter and 1/2 cup butter or margarine. Cream until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at time, mixing well after each one. Add cake mix alternately with the water. Stir until just combined. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 25 minutes or until cake tests done. Allow cakes to cool in pan for 10 minutes and then turn out onto a cooling rack to cool completely. Assemble and frost with Peanut Butter Frosting once cool. To Make Peanut Butter Frosting: Combine 1 cup peanut butter, and 1/2 cup butter or margarine cream together until light and fluffy. Add the confectioner's sugar. Mix in enough cream to make the frosting of a spreading consistency. Apply to cool cake. 
In a large bowl, beat butter and peanut butter until light and fluffy. Slowly beat in 1/2 of the confectioner's sugar. Mix in 1/4 cup of the cream. Beat in the remaining confectioners' sugar. If necessary, add a little more cream or milk until the frosting reaches a good spreading consistency. Makes enough to frost one 2 layer 9 inch cake or one 9x13 inch cake. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Have all ingredients at room temperature. Melt the 5 ounces of the chocolate in a double boiler over hot water. Remove from heat and let cool. Separate the eggs. Cream the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Beat the egg yolks in gradually until light in color. Add the melted, cooled chocolate and beat it in. Gradually add the sifted flour to the batter. Beat the egg whites until stiff but not dry and fold them into the mixture. Pour batter into one ungreased 9 inch springform pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 50 to 60 minutes. Allow cake to cool completely before removing from pan and icing. Once cool remove from pan and slice cake horizontally. Set top half aside and spread filling of pureed jam between the layers. Cover top and sides with warm Sachertorte icing. To Make Sachertorte Icing: Melt 1 tablespoon butter and 4 ounces chocolate in a double boiler over hot water. Add the coffee and beat well. Sift and add the confectioners sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Spread the warm icing on the top and sides of the torte 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 9x13 inch baking pan. Bring water to a boil. Pour over chopped dates and baking soda. Let stand until cool. Stir in the sugar, flour, mayonnaise, and salt. Mix until just combined. Pour batter into prepared pan. Mix the brown sugar, chopped nuts, and chocolate chips together. Sprinkle over top of batter. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 to 45 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 13x9-inch baking pan. Combine the flour, baking soda, salt, baking powder, and cinnamon in a bowl and set aside. In a separate bowl, mix the eggs, oil, sugar, grated zucchini, and vanilla. Add the flour mixture to the zucchini mixture and stir until just combined. Stir in the chopped nuts. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 13x9 inch cake pan. Cook raisins and water for 10 minutes over medium heat. Stir in the shortening. Remove from heat and let mixture cool. Combine flour, sugar, salt, baking soda, ground cloves, ground nutmeg, ground cinnamon, ground allspice, and salt. Add flour mixture to the cooled raisin mixture and blend well. Stir in the beaten eggs. Add the chopped nuts (if desired). Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 minutes. 
Heat to boiling: butter, cocoa and cola drink. Remove from heat and add flour, sugar, baking soda and mix gently. Stir in buttermilk, eggs, vanilla and marshmallows. Pour into greased 13 x 9-inch pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes. Cake can be frosted while warm. Makes 10 to 12 servings. 
Combine flour and white sugar in mixing bowl. Heat 1 cup butter, 3 tablespoons cocoa, and 1 cup cola soft drink to boiling and pour over the flour and sugar. Mix thoroughly. Add buttermilk, eggs, baking soda, vanilla, and marshmallows and mix well. Bake in a prepared 9 by 13 inch pan for 40 minutes at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). While still hot, frost with Coco Cola Frosting: Combine 1/2 cup butter or margarine, 2 tablespoons cocoa and 6 tablespoons cola soft drink and heat to boiling. Pour over 4 cups confectioners' sugar and mix well. Mix in chopped nuts and spread over hot cake. 
Mix together the cake mix, sugar, oil, eggs, pecans, and vanilla. Fold in the sour cream. Put half the batter in a bundt pan. Mix the brown sugar and cinnamon and sprinkle over the batter in the pan. Pour the remainder of the batter on top. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 70 minutes until cake tests done. 
Mix together the cake mix and eggs. Fold in the sour cream. Mix in the vanilla, 1 cup sugar, oil and pecans. Pour half of batter into a 9 x 13 inch pan. Combine the ground cinnamon and brown sugar. Sprinkle over the batter. Pour the other half of the batter over top. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 minutes. To make Icing: Bring to a boil 1/2 cup butter or margarine, 1 cup sugar, buttermilk and baking soda. Prick cake all over with fork and pour hot icing on cake. 
Combine the 2 tablespoons of cake mix, cinnamon, brown sugar, and pecans; set aside. In a large bowl, blend cake mix, sour cream, oil, water, eggs, and sugar. Beat on high speed for 2 minutes. Pour 2/3 of batter into a greased and floured bundt pan. Sprinkle the cinnamon sugar mixture in the center of this and spread remaining batter evenly over this. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 45 to 55 minutes. Cool in pan for 25 minutes. Remove from pan. To Make Glaze: Blend powdered sugar and milk together to make a glaze. Drizzle over cake. Enjoy! 
In a saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter, and mix in 3 tablespoons milk and brown sugar. Boil vigorously for 1 minute. Remove from heat, and beat in 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar. Cool slightly, and beat in the vanilla and remaining 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar. Add more milk if the mixture is too thick. 
Combine milk, butter, vanilla, and flour; set aside. Melt sugar in a 10 inch skillet. This takes 15 to 20 minutes, be careful not to let sugar scorch! Warm the milk combination and add to melted sugar. Work quickly because the sugar hardens fast. Frost on cooled cake. 
Bake cake for filling according to package directions. Let cool. Slice angel food cake in half horizontally. Creat a tunnel for the filling by removing a small amount of the interior of the bottom half of the cake. In a bowl combine cream, confectioners' sugar and cocoa; whip until soft peaks form. Fold half the strawberries into half the whipped cream; spoon into cake tunnel, pressing down firmly. Replace top of cake; pressing gently. Frost cake with remaining cream mixture. Cover top of cake with remaining strawberries. Chill about 15 minutes before slicing. Serves 10-12 people. 
Mix together sugar, vegetable oil, pecans, flour, and bananas in a 13 x 9 inch pan. Stir in the eggs, pineapple (with juice), vanilla, salt and baking soda. Mix well. Do not mash the bananas. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 60 minutes or until cake tests done. 
Heat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line muffin cups with paper bake cups. In small bowl, stir together applesauce and oats; set aside. In large bowl, beat butter, sugar, brown sugar, egg and vanilla until well blended. Add applesauce mixture; blend well. Stir together flour, cocoa, baking soda and cinnamon, if desired. Add to butter mixture, blending well. Stir in peanut butter chips. Fill muffin cups 3/4 full with batter. Bake 22 to 26 minutes or until wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool slightly in pan on wire rack. Sprinkle muffin tops with confectioners' sugar, if desired. Serve warm. Variation: Omit peanut butter chips, add one cup of semi-sweet chocolate chips. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 13x9 inch pan. Sift the flour, white sugar, baking powder and salt together. Mix in the shortening, milk and vanilla. Beat until well combined. Add the egg whites and beat for 2 minutes. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool then ice. To Make Icing: Melt butter in a saucepan until it begins to brown. Remove from heat and add the confectioners' sugar, evaporated milk or half and half, hot water and 1-1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract. Beat at medium speed for three minutes. Then pour icing over cake and allow icing to set. Enjoy! 
Cream 1 cup butter or margarine. Add white sugar gradually. Beat until mixture is light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beat after each addition. Add cracker crumbs and baking powder, alternately with milk. Blend in coconut and nuts. Bake in preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven in 3 - 9 inch pans for 25 to 30 minutes. To Make Cream Cheese Glaze: Cream 1/2 cup butter and cream cheese. Add confectioners' sugar, then pineapple. Mix well. Fill and frost layers. 
Grease bundt cake pan. Mix together chopped pecans, 3/4 cup sugar and ground cinnamon. Cover bottom and sides of the bunt pan with 1/4 of the above mixture. Blend together in a large mixing bowl: cake mix, pudding mix, 4 eggs, sour cream, vegetable oil and vanilla. Alternate layers of batter and crumb mixture in the greased pan. Bake in microwave oven 5 minutes on low. Turn pan around if not on turn table. Bake 12 minutes on high, turning pan 1/4 turn every 4 minutes. Cool 18 minutes before turning out onto a cake dish. Baking time may vary depending on the wattage of the oven. To test for doneness, press lightly on top of cake and if it springs back it is done. Sometimes the very top of the cake will remain moist, don't keep baking it until it is dry because the cake will be too done. Enjoy! 
Put 1 cup butter or margarine into large mixing bowl. Microwave on high 1 to 1 1/2 minutes until melted. Stir in 2 cups white sugar and cocoa. Add eggs and vanilla; beat vigorously until well-blended. Stir in flour, nuts and salt. Let batter "rest" for 10 minutes. Pour into an 11 3/4 x 7 1/2 pan. Place on a plastic trivet or inverted saucer in oven. Microwave on medium 9 minutes, rotating dish 1/2 turn after 3 minutes. Microwave on high 3-5 minutes rotating dish 1/2 turn once, until top is mostly dry with moist spots and pick comes out clean. Sprinkle marshmallows evenly over top of cake. Let stand about 5 minutes until marshmallows are slightly melted. To Make Frosting: Melt 1/2 cup butter in large bowl. Stir in 1/3 cup milk, 1/4 cup cocoa and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla. Add 4 cups confectioners' sugar and beat vigorously until smooth. Spread evenly over marshmallows. Let stand on flat surface 30 minutes until slightly warm or cool completely. Makes 16 very rich servings as this is a very dense cake. 
Bake cake according to package directions for a 9x13 inch pan; cool on wire rack for 5 minutes. Make slits across the top of the cake, making sure not to go through to the bottom. In a saucepan over low heat, combine sweetened condensed milk and caramel topping, stirring until smooth and blended. Slowly pour the warm topping mixture over the top of the warm cake, letting it sink into the slits; then sprinkle the crushed chocolate toffee bars liberally across the entire cake while still warm. (Hint: I crush my candy bars into small chunks as opposed to crumbs - I like to have pieces I can chew on!) Let cake cool completely, then top with whipped topping. Decorate the top of the cake with some more chocolate toffee bar chunks and swirls of caramel topping. Refrigerate and serve right from the pan! 
Bring to a boil the 1/2 cup butter or margarine, 1/2 cup shortening, water and 1/4 cup cocoa. Remove from heat and add flour, sugar, 1/2 cup milk and vinegar. Mix well. Then add: eggs, baking soda and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Mix well until lumps are gone. Pour into greased 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 20 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean. To Make Fudge Frosting: Combine in saucepan , 6 tablespoon butter or oleo, 4 tablespoons milk and cocoa. Bring to rolling boil. Remove from heat and add 3 cups confectioners' sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Beat until smooth. Spread on cooled cake. 
Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Grease one 10 inch tube pan. Line the bottom of the pan with parchment paper and dust pan with flour. Cream the light butter together with the white sugar. Add eggs one at a time mixing well after each one. Mix in the vanilla extract. Stir in 3 cups of the flour, baking powder, and salt and blend well. Toss candied cherries, chopped pecans, candied pineapple, and white raisins with the remaining 1 cup flour. Stir fruit and nut mixture into the batter and pour into prepared pan. Bake at 250 degrees F (120 degrees C) for 3 hours. Let cake cool for 20 minutes before removing from pan. After cake is cold, cut a piece of waxed paper to fit the top of the cake. Put the apple slices on top of the waxed paper and put cake into a closed container. Store cake in a cool dry area for about 3 days or until the cake takes up the juice from the apple slices. Remove apple slice and waxed paper and serve. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 or 10 inch tube pan. Sift the flour, baking soda, and baking powder together and set aside. Beat the eggs with the ground cinnamon, ground nutmeg, and ground cardamom together for 5 minutes. Stir in the confectioner's sugar and mix well. Beat in the vegetable oil and continue beating for 5 minutes. Alternately add the flour mixture and the milk, 1 tablespoon at a time, to the egg mixture. With a spoon stir in the carrots and the walnuts. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour. Enjoy it with a glass of milk or a cup of tea. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Wash the tube pan in hot soapy water to ensure it is totally grease-free. In a large dry glass or metal bowl, whip egg whites until frothy. Add cream of tartar and salt, and continue to whip. When the whites can form soft peaks, gradually sprinkle in 1 cup sugar, while continuing to beat until stiff peaks form. In a separate bowl, beat egg yolks with 1/4 cup sugar until thick and lemon-colored. Blend in 3/4 cup cake flour and orange extract. Fold half of the whipped egg whites into the yolk mixture. Fold the remaining 1/2 cup of cake flour into the egg whites, along with the vanilla. Spoon about 1 cup of batter at a time, alternating colors, into the prepared pan. Bake for 30 minutes in the preheated oven. Reduce heat to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) and continue baking for another 20 minutes, or until the top of the cake springs back when pressed. Without removing cake from pan, invert pan onto a wire rack to cool. Once completely cooled, remove cake from the pan and frost with your choice of frosting. Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting works quite well. 
Soak poppy seeds in water for 2 hours. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8 inch round cake pans. Sift nonfat dry milk, flour and baking powder together, and set aside. Cream butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add 1/4 of the flour mixture to the creamed butter mixture and beat well. Continue to add the flour mixture alternately with the poppy seeds and water, beating well after each addition. Beat egg whites until stiff and gently fold into batter. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes. Cool, then fill and top with Almond Custard Filling before serving, if desired. 
Mix nonfat dry milk, cornstarch, and sugar together in a medium sized saucepan. Stir in a mixture of water and egg yolks gradually, until smooth. Cook and stir over medium heat until thick and smooth. Continue to cook while stirring over low heat for one minute longer. Remove from heat and stir in almond extract. Allow custard to cool before using. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 or 10 inch tube pan. Cream 1 cup of the butter and 2 cups of the white sugar together. Add eggs one at a time mixing well after each one. Sift the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together and add alternately with the buttermilk to the egg mixture. Stir in the vanilla and rum extracts. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour. Remove cake from oven and pour all of the Rum Butter glaze over cake while still warm. Leave cake in pan for 2 hours before removing to serving dish. To Make Butter Rum Glaze: Melt the remaining 1 cup of the butter and 1 cup of white sugar over low heat. Remove from heat and stir in rum. Use immediately to glaze cake. 
Cream butter and sugar; add water. Mix flour, baking powder and salt; fold into creamed mixture. Mix well; stir in vanilla. Beat egg whites until stiff and fold into batter. Spread batter evenly in a greased and floured lamb mold (cast iron if you have one or tin). Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 to 50 minutes. 
Cream together the butter and sugar for 20 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time. Add flour, lemon extract and fold in the 7UP (TM) soft drink. Pour into a well-greased 12 cup Bundt pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 60 to 75 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Oil two loaf pans and line bottoms with parchment paper; grease the parchment as well. Sift together the flour, salt, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and allspice. In a separate bowl, beat the eggs, gradually adding the sugar. Beat until thick and light in color, about 5 minutes. Beat in the oil, honey and coffee. Stir flour mixture into egg mixture. Chop the almonds coarsely and mix with raisins; stir into batter. Divide batter between the two prepared loaf pans. Sprinkle with reserved slivered almonds. Bake in preheated oven until a tester inserted in the center of each cake comes out clean, 65 to 75 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes and remove from pan. To Make Glaze: combine 1 1/2 cups honey, lemon juice, lemon zest and water in a saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. When glaze reaches a thick consistency, remove from heat and drizzle over warm cake. 
Line the bottom of a 10 inch spring form pan with 15 (approx.) of the annisette toast (you may have to break them up to fit). Mix liqueur and water together to make 1 1/2 cups of liquid. Pour half that mixture over toasts, reserving remainder. Prepare vanilla pudding with 3 cups of the milk as package directs, reserving remainder of milk for chocolate pudding. When vanilla pudding is done and still hot, pour over toasts. Let cool slightly, then put the another layer of toasts on top of the vanilla pudding. Pour the remaining liqueur mixture over toasts until they absorb all of it. Prepare the chocolate pudding as you did the vanilla and again while hot, pour over toasts. Let cool, then refrigerate overnight. Next day unmold from spring form pan, top with non-dairy topping and almonds. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a Bundt pan. In a bowl, mix the yellow cake mix, pudding mix, eggs, vegetable oil, sugar, and water. Gently fold in the sour cream and chocolate chips. Pour batter into the prepared Bundt pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 55 minutes. Cool in pan for 10 minutes before transferring to cooling racks. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix berries, sugar, and cinnamon in the bottom of a 9 x 13 inch pan. Cover berries with dry cake mix. Pour butter over cake mix, do not stir. Bake for 30 minutes, or until light brown. Serve warm or cold. top with ice cream. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour two 8 inch round cake pans. In a small bowl, stir together flour, poppy seeds, baking powder, salt, and mace; set aside. In a large bowl, cream together 1 cup of butter and 1 cup of sugar until fluffy. Beat in eggs, one at a time, then add grated orange zest and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Stir in the flour mixture, beating at low speed, until well blended. Divide equally into 2 greased and floured 8 inch round cake pans. Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 30 minutes. Allow cake layers to cool, then split each layer in half horizontally. Put the 4 cake layers together with about 1/3 cup of filling spread between each layer. Spread sides (not top) of cake with remaining filling. Refrigerate. Spread cooled glaze over top of cake and garnish with curls of orange peel. Store cake in refrigerator. To Make Filling: Combine the confectioner's sugar, 3/4 cup of butter, 2 egg yolks, and 1 tablespoon of vanilla. Beat on medium high speed until light and fluffy (about 2 to 3 minutes). To Make The Glaze: In a saucepan, combine orange juice, 2 tablespoons sugar, cornstarch, and orange zest. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens and comes to a boil. Set aside to cool before spooning over cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 13x9 inch baking pan. Cream together 1/3 cup of the cocoa, white sugar, and 1 cup of the butter or margarine until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, and 1 teaspoon of the vanilla and beat well. Mix flour, baking powder, coconut, and chopped pecans together. Stir flour mixture into the egg mixture and stir until just combined. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 to 50 minutes. Smooth marshmallow cream over top of cake while still hot. Let cake cool completely then ice with chocolate icing. To Make Chocolate Icing: Beat together the confectioner's sugar, the remaining 1/3 cup cocoa, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and 1/2 cup butter or margarine. Continue to beat and add enough evaporated milk to make icing spread on cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 9x13 inch cake pan. In a large sauce pan over low heat, melt 1 cup of the butter with the cocoa. Stir often. Remove from heat and add white sugar, beat well. Beat in eggs one at a time. Combine flour, baking powder, and salt and stir into the egg mixture. Stir in the chopped nuts and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 45 minutes. Remove cake from oven and spread the marshmallow cream over the cake. Spoon chocolate icing over marshmallow topping while the cake is still hot and spread. The cake will get "muddied" by the spreading action. To Make Icing: Beat together the remaining 1/4 cup butter, 1/3 cup cocoa, 1 teaspoon vanilla, the milk, and the confectioner's sugar. Once well combined spoon over the still hot cake. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Mix graham cracker crumbs, walnuts, cinnamon and melted butter together. Press on bottom and sides of a 9 inch springform pan. Combine 3 well-beaten eggs, cream cheese, sugar, salt, vanilla and almond extract. Beat until smooth. Blend in the sour cream and pour into the crumb crust. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for about 35 minutes or just till set. Cool. Chill well, about 4 or 5 hours. Filling will be soft. May be served as is or topped with your favorite fruit topping or glaze. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Mix graham cracker crumbs, melted butter, and 1/4 cup sugar together. Press mixture onto the bottom of one 9 or 10 inch springform pan. Place in freezer for 10 minutes. Cream 3/4 cup of the sugar and cream cheese until smooth. Beat in eggs, vanilla, and cornstarch until just mixed. Stir in sour cream until blended. Pour into prepared crust. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 45 minutes. Turn oven off and leave cake in oven with the door ajar for 3 hours. Serve with your favorite topping. 
Bake cake as directed in a 9x13 inch pan. When done, use a meat fork to poke holes across the top of the entire cake. Allow to cool. In a medium bowl, mix together 1 box gelatin, 1 cup hot water and 1 cup cold water. Pour over top of cake. Refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours. Mix remaining box of gelatin, pudding mix, milk and vanilla together. Beat well. Fold whipped topping into this mixture, and spread on top of cake. Chill in refrigerator until serving. 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease the bundt pan. Mix eggs, cake mix, oil, water and almond extract with electric beater. Stir in chocolate chips. Pour into prepared pan. Bake approximately 1 hour or until cake tests done. Cool, then dust with confectioners' sugar. 
Cream together the eggs, sugar, butter or margarine, and water. Add the flour, cocoa, baking soda, ground cinnamon, and ground allspice and mix well. Add chocolate chips and shredded apples (use a cheese grater) and vanilla. Pour into a greased and floured bundt pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 60 to 70 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9 inch tube pan. Sprinkle the bottom and halfway up the sides of the pan evenly with finely chopped butternuts (pecans or walnuts). Sift together cake flour, baking soda, cinnamon, allspice, nutmeg, and salt. Cream the butter. Blend in lightly packed brown sugar and beat until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs. Stir dry ingredients into creamed mixture alternately with buttermilk. Blend in the finely chopped butternuts or pecans or walnuts. Put gently into baking pan. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes, or until cake springs back when you touch it lightly. Cool in pan for about 10 minutes. Put on cake rack to cool completely. Leave upside down and sprinkle with confectioners' sugar over cake before serving. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Grease a 9x13 inch pan. In a small bowl, mix together 1/2 cup cocoa and 3/4 cup boiling water; set aside. In another small bowl, dissolve baking soda in the sour cream by stirring them together. In a large bowl, cream the 1/2 cup butter and 2 cups sugar. To the butter and sugar mixture, alternately add the sifted flour and the cocoa mixture with the sour cream mixture. Beat until fluffy. Beat the egg whites until stiff and fold in the egg whites and 1 1/2 teaspoons of vanilla. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean, about 50 minutes. Frost with La Famiglia Chocolate Frosting (below). To Make La Famiglia Chocolate Frosting: Cream 6 tablespoons butter or margarine in a small bowl. Add 3/4 cup cocoa and confectioner's sugar alternately with milk; beat until spreading consistency. More or less milk can be used depending on the texture you want. Blend in 1 teaspoon vanilla. This yields about 2 cups of frosting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour one 9x13 inch cake pan. Mix all ingredients and pour into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 55 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and lightly flour a 10 inch Bundt pan. Stir together the flour, baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon and salt; set aside. In a large bowl, beat shortening, 1 1/3 cups white sugar and 1 1/2 teaspoon vanilla until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, beating for at least 1 minute after each egg. Beat in the flour mixture alternately with the milk. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 40 to 45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack. Remove cake from pan while it is still warm, and poke holes around the top of the cake with a fork. Pour the warm cinnamon syrup into the holes and onto the top and sides of the cake. To Make Cinnamon Syrup: In a saucepan, combine 1/2 cup white sugar, butter, water, 1 teaspoon vanilla and 3/4 teaspoons ground cinnamon. Heat and stir until butter melts. 
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Combine reduced fat buttermilk baking mix, fat free milk, sugar, ground cinnamon, and butter or margarine and stir until thick. Drop six very large spoonfuls onto an ungreased baking sheet. Before baking sprinkle very lightly with white sugar and ground cinnamon. Bake at 450 degrees F (230 degrees C) for 8 to 14 minutes. Serve with chocolate syrup drizzled on top. They're also great with vanilla ice cream. 
Cream shortening until fluffy. Add confectioner's sugar and continue creaming until well blended. Add salt, vanilla, and whipping cream blend on low speed until moistened. Add additional whipping cream if necessary (up to 2 ounces). Beat at high speed until frosting is fluffy. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Beat the egg whites and the cream of tartar until soft moist peaks are formed. Gradually add the white sugar and beat until very stiff and shiny. Sift the flour, baking powder, salt, and ground cinnamon together. Blend in the brown sugar. Beat together until smooth the vegetable oil, egg yolks, and applesauce. Add to the flour mixture and beat until smooth. Fold batter into the beaten egg whites. Pour batter into one 10 inch ungreased tube pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 55 to 65 minutes or until cake springs back when lightly touched. Invert and cool in pan. When cake is cool loosen edges and remove cake from pan. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour one 9 or 10 inch bundt pan. By hand with a spatula cream butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add eggs all at once and beat well. Sift the flour and the baking powder together. Add to butter mixture along with 1 cup of the milk. Continue to beat well (the batter will be doughy). Add the remaining 1 cup of milk along with the vanilla, and almond extracts. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 1 hour. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and continue baking for 15 minutes longer. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour one 10 inch bundt pan. In a small bowl, mix flour, salt and baking powder. In another small bowl, mix the chopped nuts and raisins and coat them together with about 1 tablespoon of flour. This is to ensure that the nuts and raisins do not sink to the bottom of the cake while it is baking. In a large bowl, cream together the sugar and the butter or margarine. Add the eggs one at a time and beat for 1-2 minutes at low speed. Stir in the vanilla extract. Add the flour mixture and the orange juice alternately to the butter mixture and beat until everything is mixed thoroughly. Mix the nuts and raisins mixture into the batter. Pour the batter into a greased and floured 10 inch bundt pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Let cake cool before slicing and serving. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Mix the graham cracker crumbs, 1/2 cup of the white sugar, and the melted butter together. Press mixture into the bottom of one 9 or 10 inch springform pan. In a large bowl, combine cream cheese, eggs and egg yolks; mix until smooth. Add the remaining 1 3/4 cups white sugar, the flour and the heavy cream. Blend until smooth. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) for 10 minutes, then turn oven temperature down to 200 degrees F (100 degrees C) and continue baking for 1 hour, or until filling is set. Let cheesecake cool, then refrigerate. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). In a large mixing bowl, combine cake mix, oil, eggs and sour cream. Stir by hand approximately 50 strokes, or until most large lumps are gone. Pour half of the batter into an ungreased 9x13 inch glass baking dish. Combine the brown sugar and cinnamon, and sprinkle over the batter in the cake pan. Spoon the other half of the batter into the cake pan, covering the brown sugar and cinnamon. Twirl the cake with a butter knife or icing knife until it looks like a honey bun (or whatever design you want to make). Bake in preheated oven for 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Frost cake while it is still fairly hot. Serve warm. To Make the frosting: In a small bowl, whisk together the confectioner's sugar, milk and vanilla until smooth. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 9x13 inch cake pan. Mix together the flour and the white sugar. In a saucepan combine the Dr. Pepper, cocoa, and 1 cup of the butter or margarine, bring to a boil. Pour melted butter mixture over the flour and mix well. Stir in the beaten eggs, baking soda, vanilla, buttermilk and miniature marshmallows and mix well. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from oven and spread peanut butter topping over warm cake. Place frosted cake under broiler, about 4 inches from the heat source. Broil for just a few seconds, or until topping starts to bubble. Do not scorch. Let cake cool at least 30 minutes before serving. To Make Peanut Butter Topping: Cream together the remaining 6 tablespoons butter, the brown sugar, and the peanut butter. Add the milk and stir well. Mix in the nuts. Spread topping over still warm cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix together the graham cracker crumbs and the 3 tablespoons white sugar. Add the melted butter and mix well. Press into the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan. Bake in preheated oven for 10 minutes, set aside. In a large bowl, combine cream cheese, sugar, and cornstarch, and mix until smooth. Add sour cream, vanilla, amaretto liqueur, and salt. Mix until well blended. On low speed of an electric mixer, add eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Pour batter over crust. Bake in preheated oven for 60 minutes. Remove from oven. Loosen around the edges with a knife and cool on a wire rack while still in pan. Refrigerate, remove from pan when completely chilled. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 9x13 inch pan. Mix the flour, baking soda, salt, and 1 1/2 cups of the white sugar together. Stir in the beaten eggs and the pineapple with juice and mix well. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes. Pour Buttery Milk Syrup over top of cake while still warm. To Make Buttery Milk Syrup: In a sauce pan combine the butter or margarine, evaporated milk, vanilla, and 1/2 cup white sugar. Bring mixture to a boil over medium high heat and cook for about 5 minutes. Pour over cake while still warm. 
In a saucepan combine the butter or margarine, evaporated milk, white sugar, and the vanilla extract. Bring to a boil over medium high heat and continue to cook for 5 minutes. Pour over your choice of cake while syrup is still warm. 
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place a small pan containing about 2-3 cups of hot water onto the bottom of your oven ( directly onto the bottom of the oven) to generate steam. Lightly grease a large baking sheet with shortening and then dust lightly with flour. Use a 10 inch pan as a template and draw a 10 inch circle onto the flour dusted sheet using a toothpick. Set aside. Place the 4 eggs into a small measuring cup and mix with a fork to combine, set aside. Combine the milk, water, salt and butter in a saucepan over medium heat. When it comes to a full boil, add the flour all at once and stir to make a paste. Continue to stir over the heat for about 40 seconds until the paste dries a little. Remove from heat and place paste into a mixing bowl. Let cool about 4 minutes. With a mixer on low, mix the paste and slowly add the beaten eggs. Mix slowly but thoroughly until all of the eggs have been added. Place the paste into a pastry bag fitted with a 1/2 inch round decorating tip. Pipe the paste out onto the sheet pan following the 10 inch ring you outlined. Pipe a second ring around the inside next to this ring. Finally, pipe another ring on top of these two rings. Lightly paint the set of rings with the remaining 1 beaten egg and press the sliced almonds into the paste. Place in the oven on the lowest shelf and bake at 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) for 20 minutes. Reduce the temperature to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) and bake about 12 minutes more or until brown. Remove form the oven and using a long serrated knife slice off the top half of the puffed ring. Remove any bits of raw dough on the inside of the ring. Replace the top and place back in the oven to crisp the dough, about 5 more minutes. Cool on a rack. To Make The Filling: Whip the pastry cream until smooth. Place the heavy cream into a bowl along with the vanilla and beat on high until soft peaks are formed. Add in the confectioners' sugar and beat a little more. Fold the pastry cream in with the whipped cream and transfer to a piping bag fitted with a star tip. Pipe the cream mixture into the ring and then replace the top. If you wish, sprinkle with additional powdered sugar. 
Place the milk, half the sugar and the vanilla bean in a saucepan over medium heat. Combine the egg yolks and the remaining sugar in a bowl and whisk until light in color. Add in the flour and the salt, mix to combine. When the milk just begins to boil, remove from heat and remove vanilla bean. Very slowly dribble the hot milk into the yolk mixture, stirring all the time. When about half of the milk has been added, place all of the yolk mixture into the saucepan over medium heat. Using a spatula or a whisk, mix the pastry cream as it heats, making sure to reach all of the corners of the pan when you stir. Bring the mixture to a boil. Let boil for about 1 minute, stirring constantly. The mixture will be thick. Remove from heat and add the butter. Strain if you wish for a smoother cream. Place into a bowl and cover directly with plastic wrap to stop a skin from forming on the cream. Chill and use within a few days. 
Cream together butter, banana, lemon juice and vanilla. Slowly beat in confectioners' sugar, adding more if needed to make a nice fluffy, spreadable icing. Makes about 2 1/3 cups. 
Whisk milk into flour in small saucepan until smooth. Heat and stir until it boils and thickens. Cool thoroughly. Cream butter, sugar and vanilla in bowl until light and fluffy. Add thickened milk. Beat until mixture resembles whipped cream. Makes enough to fill and frost 2 layer cake, about 3 1/2 cups. 
Beat cream cheese, butter, lemon juice, lemon rind, and vanilla together until smooth and fluffy. Add confectioners' sugar in 2 additions. Beat until creamy. Add more icing sugar or juice as needed for easy spreading. Makes about 3 2/3 cups. 
Put egg whites, sugar, water and syrup in top of double boiler. Beat until mixed well. Place over rapidly boiling water. Beat constantly with electric beater while it cooks for 7 minutes or until it will stand in peaks when beater is raised. Remove from heat. Add vanilla. Beat. Fills and frosts 2 layer cake, 8 or 9 inch. 
Put egg whites, sugar, water and syrup in top of double boiler. Beat until mixed well. Place over rapidly boiling water. Beat constantly with electric beater while it cooks for 7 minutes or until it will stand in peaks when beater is raised. Remove from heat. Stir in marshmallows and vanilla. Beat until they melt. 
Put egg whites, brown sugar, water and syrup in top of double boiler. Beat until mixed well. Place over rapidly boiling water. Beat constantly with electric beater while it cooks for 7 minutes or until it will stand in peaks when beater is raised. Remove from heat. Add maple flavoring. Beat. Fills and frosts 2 layer cake, 8 or 9 inch. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Wash angel food tube pan in hot soapy water to ensure it is totally grease-free. Combine milk and poppy seeds in small bowl. Let stand 2 hours. Bring the eggs to room temperature. Sift flour, sugar, baking powder and salt into medium mixing bowl. Make a well in center. Add the vegetable oil. Separate the eggs and add the yolks, vanilla and lemon flavoring. Add poppy seed mixture to well. Set aside. Don't beat yet. In large mixing bowl beat egg whites and cream of tartar until very stiff. Using same beaters beat egg yolk/flour mixture until smooth and light. Pour 1/4 at a time over beaten egg whites folding in with rubber spatula until all traces of flour disappear. Do not stir. Pour into ungreased 10 inch angel food tube pan. Bake in oven for 55 minutes. Increase heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and bake 10 to 15 minutes more until an inserted wooden pick comes out clean. Invert pan to cool. Ice with Vanilla Glaze, Caramel Icing or Seafoam Frosting. 
Combine in a saucepan the brown sugar, salt, butter or margarine and milk. Cook, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Then cook without stirring until mixture forms a soft ball when a little is dropped in cold water (234 degrees F - 115 degrees C). Cool to lukewarm (110 degrees F). Put into small bowl and beat until it begins to thicken. Add vanilla and cream and continue beating until of spreading consistency. If thicker consistency is desired, beat in a small amount of sifted confectioners' sugar. Quickly spread on cake. Sprinkle with chopped nuts if desired. Enough to frost two 8 inch layers. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Cream butter and sugar together well in mixing bowl. Beat in eggs 1 at a time. Mix in vanilla. Measure flour, baking powder and salt into small bowl. Stir. Add milk to butter mixture in 2 parts alternately with flour mixture in 3 parts, beginning and ending with flour. Fill cones about 3/4 full leaving the batter 1/2 inch from top. Place filled cones on a baking tray. Bake in oven for about 15 to 20 minutes until an inserted toothpick comes out clean. 
Measure sifted flour, add baking powder and 2 teaspoons salt, and sift together three times. Beat egg whites until foamy, add 1 cup white sugar gradually, and continue beating only until mixture will stand in soft peaks. Cream shortening, add 2 1/2 cups white sugar gradually, and cream together until light and fluffy. Add flour, alternately with milk, a small amount at a time, beating after each addition until smooth. Add 2 teaspoons vanilla and egg whites and beat thoroughly into batter. Turn batter into one round 10 inch pan and one round 8 inch pan, 3 inches deep, each lined on bottom with paper, filling each pan about half full of batter. Bake in moderate oven 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), placing the smaller layer towards front of oven for quicker and easier removal when done. Bake the 8 inch cake 1 hour, or until done; bake the 10 inch cake about 10 minutes longer. Cool cakes in pans on racks 15 minutes. Then loosen from sides of pans with spatula, turn out, remove paper, and turn right side up on racks to cool. When thoroughly cooled, at least 2 hours, brush cakes to remove any loose crumbs. Prepare Creamy Butter Frosting and set aside about 2 cups of frosting for decorating. Spread with frosting. You can tint the frosting the color or colors you want and be able to write on top of cake. To Make Creamy Butter Frosting: Cream 1 cup butter or margarine; add part of the confectioners' sugar gradually, blending after each addition. Mix in 4 teaspoons vanilla and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Then add remaining sugar alternately with milk, until of right consistency to spread. Beat after each addition until smooth. Makes about 5 cups. (While frosting cake, keep bowl of frosting covered with a damp cloth to prevent drying.) 
Microwave 1 cup chocolate chips in a small, microwave-safe bowl on high for 1 minute; stir. Cook at additional 10 to 20 second intervals, stirring until smooth. Cool to room temperature. Beat melted chocolate, sour cream, oil and eggs in large mixer bowl. Beat in sugar, flour, baking soda and salt. Dissolve coffee crystals in water; gradually beat into batter. Pour into greased 13 x 9-inch baking pan. Sprinkle the remaining 1 cup chocolate chips and the chopped nuts over the top of the cake. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 40 minutes or until cake tests done. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, mix together the cake and pudding mixes, sour cream, oil, beaten eggs and water. Stir in the chocolate chips and pour batter into a well greased 12 cup bundt pan. Bake for 50 to 55 minutes, or until top is springy to the touch and a wooden toothpick inserted comes out clean. Cool cake thoroughly in pan at least an hour and a half before inverting onto a plate If desired, dust the cake with powdered sugar. 
Combine cake mix, eggs, 1 package of pudding, vegetable oil, orange extract, and mandarin oranges and beat well for about 3 minutes. Bake in 3 - 9 inch greased and floured round cake pans for 20-25 minutes in a pre-heated 350 degree F (175 degrees C) oven. To Make Frosting: Fold pudding and pineapple into whipped topping and frost cake. Keep refrigerated. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour three 9 inch square pans. Beat eggs in mixing bowl until frothy. Gradually beat in 1 cup sugar. Beat until light colored and thick. In another bowl, mix flour, baking powder, and salt together. Fold into egg mixture. Into hot milk, stir vanilla and butter until melted. Fold milk mixture into batter. Divide batter in 3 equal parts into separate bowls. Add a few drops of red food colouring onto one batter. Stir to mix. Spread into a prepared pan. Add a few drops of yellow food colouring into another batter. Stir to mix. Spread into a prepared pan. Add a few drops of green food coloring into remaining batter. Stir to mix. Spread into remaining pan. To summarize, make three different coloured batters, and pour each into a prepared pan. Bake in oven for about 10 to 15 minutes until an inserted wooden pick comes out clean. Let stand 8 to 10 minutes. Turn out onto racks to cool. Trim cake layers of rough edges. Cut each layer into 2 even layers. Mash apple or crabapple jelly with fork. Spread some over 1 pink layer on tray. Spread 1 green layer with jelly, and place on top. Spread yellow layer with jelly, and place on top of green strip. Repeat with remaining 3 layers in same order, making 6 layers. Spread jelly on top and sides if preferred, but it is not necessary. Trim edges if needed. To Make Strawberry Fluff: Place 1 egg white, 1/2 cup sugar, thawed strawberries, and 1/8 teaspoon salt into top of double boiler. Beat with electric beater to mix well. Place over rapidly boiling water. Continue beating while it cooks until stiff peaks form when beater is lifted. Remove frosting from heat, and spread over cake. 
Melt butter and marshmallows in a large heavy pan over low heat. Stir often. Put popcorn into large container. Pour marshmallow mixture over top. Stir to mix well. Add peanuts and candy. Mix together. Pack mixture into greased 10 inch tube pan or 12 cup bundt pan. Let cake set until cool, and turn out onto plate to serve. Cut into wedges for all different size kids. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 12 cup Bundt pan. Measure flour, sugar, soda, salt, cinnamon, oil, eggs, vanilla into mixing bowl. Beat until smooth. Stir in pineapple with juice, bananas, and pecans. Pour into prepared pan. Bake in oven for about 70 minutes. Turn cake out onto rack or plate after cooling for 20 minutes. Cool, and ice with cream cheese icing. 
Cream butter and 1 cup sugar together. Beat in 3 eggs, one at a time. Mix in vanilla. Stir in flour, baking powder and salt gently. Add milk if needed. Divide batter into 2 equal parts. Add food coloring to 1 part to make a deep pink color. Grease two 7 inch square pans. Spread batters into pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) until an inserted wooden pick comes out clean, about 25 to 30 minutes. Let stand in pans 5 minutes. Turn out on racks to cool. Trim edges from both cakes. Cut each cake lengthwise into 4 strips as wide as the cake is thick. Trim to make strips match. Heat jam slightly. Spread on sides to glue 2 pink and 2 white strips together checkerboard fashion. Spread all 4 sides of completed cake with jam. Repeat with remaining pink and white stripes. Makes two cakes. To Make Almond Paste: Mix almonds, confectioners' sugar, egg, lemon juice, and almond extract together. Knead until smooth, adding a bit of lemon juice or water if too dry to roll. Add only 1/2 teaspoon at a time. It will be stiff. Divide into 2 equal parts. Roll 1/2 of paste 1/8 inch or so thick on a surface lightly dusted with confectioners' sugar. Cut to fit length of cake, and long enough to cover 4 sides leaving ends uncovered. Lay cake on one end of paste. Wrap to completely enclose all 4 sides of cake pinching paste to seal. Roll in granulated sugar. Place with seal underneath on serving plate, or store in plastic bag. Repeat for second cake. Chill. Slice thinly to serve. 
In a large bowl, sift 3 cups flour with spices. In another bowl, mix raisins, sultana raisins, currants, citron, and citrus rinds; dredge with 1/3 cup flour. Stir raisin mixture into the flour. In a very large bowl, cream the butter or margarine. Beat in sugar, a small amount at a time. Add beaten egg yolks, flour mixture, brandy, chocolate and molasses. Beat egg whites until stiff, and fold them into the batter. Dissolve baking soda in hot water and stir gently into batter. Grease and flour 5 bread pans, and pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 275 degrees F (135 degrees C) for 4 hours. Cool. Cut into 275 to 300 slices; wrap each slice. 
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease two 8-inch round cake pans. Cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Sift flour with baking powder and salt, and add to creamed mixture alternately with milk. Beat well. Stir in vanilla. In a large glass or metal mixing bowl, beat egg whites until stiff peaks form. Fold 1/3 of the whites into the batter, then quickly fold in remaining whites until no streaks remain. Divide batter into prepared pans. Bake in preheated oven until cake springs back when lightly touched with a finger and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Allow to cool in pans for 10 minutes, then invert onto a wire rack to cool completely. Cover with white butter icing, and decorate as desired. 
Cream butter or margarine and shortening. Add 1 cup sugar gradually, beating until mixture resembles whipped cream. Sift flour and baking powder together 3 times; add to creamed mixture alternately with milk. Stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla extract and almond extract. Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites carefully. Pour batter into two greased 8 inch round pans. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Cool layers on wire racks. To Make Boiled Icing: Place 1 cup sugar, water, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, cream of tartar, 2 egg whites, and red food colouring in top of double boiler. Cook, beating constantly, until frosting is thick and creamy. Frost cake with icing. Make a nest of green coconut on top of cake, and fill nest with candy eggs. Sprinkle a border of coconut around base of cake. Makes 15-20 servings. To make green tinted coconut, Place coconut in a large plastic bag, put a few drops of green food color in the bag and shake until desired consistency is achieved. 
Beat egg whites until foamy with sturdy egg beater, or at high speed of electric mixer. Then add 1 cup sugar gradually, beating only until meringue will hold up in soft peaks. In a large bowl, stir shortening just to soften. In another bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, salt, and 2 cups sugar; sift into shortening. Add 1 1/2 cups milk and the extracts, and mix until all flour is dampened. Beat 2 minutes at a low speed of electric mixer. Add remaining milk and the meringue mixture; beat for 1 minute more. Line the bottoms of one 10 inch square pan and two 8 inch square pans with parchment paper. Pour batter to equal depth in each pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for about 45 minutes, or until done. Cool layers. Trim one of the 8 inch square cakes to make a 5 inch square cake. Place the 10 inch cake on a large flat tray or plate. Frost top and sides with thin layer of Ornamental Icing. Cover top of cake smoothly with more frosting. Center 8 inch cake on top of 10 inch cake, and frost as above. Center 5 inch cake on 8 inch cake, and frost. Spread frosting over entire cake to give a flat, even base for decorating. Decorate as desired. 
Cream butter or margarine. Add salt and part of the sugar gradually, blending after each addition. Add remaining sugar, alternately with the egg whites first, then with the cream; beat after each addition. Beat after each addition until smooth. Add vanilla, and blend. 
Grease and flour a 9 x 13 inch pan. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C ). Toss sugar, sifted flour, salt, soda, and cinnamon together in a large bowl. Fold in oil, eggs, chopped nuts, and pie filling. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes, or until cake tests done. 
Sift together flour, salt, and baking powder. In a large bowl, beat eggs until fluffy and lemon coloured. Gradually beat in sugar. Stir in lemon juice and flavoring. Add sifted flour mixture gradually while beating; beat only enough to blend. Add hot milk quickly 1 tablespoon at a time, beating until blended. Pour into ungreased pan at once. Bake 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 to 55 minutes, or until golden brown and firm to touch. Invert, and cool in pan. Then loosen sides, and turn out on cake rack to cool completely. 
Combine coffee and cocoa in small bowl of electric mixer. Beat until blended. Add sugar, butter or margarine, salt, and vanilla. Beat until blended. Scrape bowl, and beat icing until it has a spreading consistency. Frost the cake, and sprinkle with chopped walnuts if desired. 
Heat apricots by placing them in a bowl, cover with water, and microwave on high for about 10 minutes or until the water is absorbed. Soften gelatin in the cold water. Blend apricots into the gelatin. Add lemon juice, sugar and salt and mix. Chill until slightly thickened (about 1 hour). Whip the cooled apricot mixture until frothy. In a separate bowl, whip the cream until soft peaks form. Fold the whipped cream into the apricot mixture. Split cake into 2 or 3 layers. Fill between layers, and frost side and top. Chill overnight. 
Combine sugar, water, salt, and vinegar in a saucepan. Cook and stir over medium heat just until clear. Then cook without stirring until syrup spins a long thread when dropped from tip of spoon, or to 240 degrees F (115 degrees C). Beat egg whites until soft peaks form. Add syrup in a very thin stream, beating constantly. After all syrup is added, continue beating until frosting will hold its shape. Mix in vanilla. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line the bottom of two 9 inch round pans, two 9 inch square pans, or one 10 x 16 inch pan. Combine sifted flour, baking powder, and salt; sift together three times. Beat egg whites until foamy. Add 1/2 cup of the sugar gradually, and continue beating only until meringue will hold up in soft peaks. Cream shortening. Add remaining 1-1/4 cups sugar gradually, and cream together until light and fluffy. Add flour alternately with milk, a small amount at a time; beat after each addition until smooth. Stir in vanilla. Add meringue, and beat thoroughly into batter. Spoon the batter into the prepared pan or pans. Bake cake in 9 inch round pans or 10 x 16 inch pan for about 30 minutes. The baking time for the square pans is 25 minutes. Cool. Spread Lemon Orange Filling between layers, and Snowy Boiled Icing over top and sides of cake. Decorate plate with small flowers. 
Combine sugar and flour in a saucepan. Add water gradually, stirring constantly. Slightly beat the egg and yolk, and add with butter, lemon juice, and orange juice to the saucepan. Mix well. Cook and stir over medium heat until mixture comes to a boil and is thickened - about 7 minutes. Cool before spreading on cake. 
Combine the tomato soup and the soda in a bowl, and let it stand. Cream sugar, egg, butter, salt, cinnamon, and cloves. Mix in tomato soup and soda mixture, and then flour. Stir in the raisins, and pour the batter in a greased baking dish. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 1 hour, or until done. Cool the cake, and top with cream cheese icing. 
Beat cake mix, oil, soda, eggs, and first package of pudding until smooth. Pour batter into greased 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 45 minutes, or cake tests done. Beat Dream Whip (TM) , milk, and pudding until stiff; pour over cooled cake. Refrigerate. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13 inch pan. Crush toffee bars into small bits and set aside. In a large bowl, combine flour, sugar, brown sugar and butter; mix on low speed with an electric mixer until crumbly. Remove 1/2 cup of crumb mixture and set aside to be used for topping. Add milk, baking powder, vanilla, egg, and 1/2 cup of the crushed toffee bars; beat at low speed until well-mixed. Increase speed to medium, and beat for 1 minute. Spread batter evenly in 9x13 inch pan. To make the topping: In a small bowl, mix nuts, remaining chopped toffee bars, and reserved 1/2 cup crumb mixture. Sprinkle mixture evenly over batter in pan. Bake for 30 minutes, or until it tests done. Cool cake completely in pan on rack. Make about 2 1/2 hours before serving, or early the in day. 
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Wrap the outside of a 10 inch springform pan with foil. In a large bowl, beat together cream cheese, sugar and corn starch until smooth. Beat in eggs one at a time. Beat in sour cream and 1/2 cup melted butter. Stir in vanilla and orange extracts, lemon juice, almond extract and amaretto liqueur. To make crust: Combine macaroons and 2/3 cup melted butter. Blend thoroughly. Place most of the crust mixture in the bottom of the springform pan. Pour cheese mixture over crust, and sprinkle some crust mixture on top of batter. Place springform pan in a roasting pan, and set it in the oven. Fill roasting pan with water. Bake in preheated oven for 1 hour. Remove from oven and let set for 2 hours. Invert cheesecake so that the bottom becomes the top. 
Mix together cracker crumbs, 3 tablespoons sugar, and melted butter. Press this crumb mixture into bottom of 9 inch springform pan with 2 3/4 inch high sides. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees) until brown - about 8 minutes. Transfer crust to rack and cool. Maintain oven temperature. Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese, 1 cup sugar and vanilla in large bowl until blended. Beat in 1 cup sour cream and liqueur. Add eggs one at a time, beating just until combined. Pour filling over crust in pan. Bake until edges are puffed, and center no longer moves when pan is shaken, about 1 to 1/2 hours. Transfer cheesecake to rack, and cool 10 minutes. Maintain oven temperature. Mix 1 cup sour cream and 1/4 cup sugar in a small bowl until smooth. Press down edges of cheesecake, and spread mixture on top. Bake 10 minutes. Transfer cheesecake to rack and cool. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Release pan from cheesecake. Cut and serve. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 inch round cake pans. Combine flour, oats, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a medium size bowl. In a large bowl, cream the butter or margarine. Add brown sugar, sugar, allspice and nutmeg; beat until light and fluffy. Mix in eggs and vanilla extract. Add 1/3 of the dry ingredients to the butter mixture; mix well. Add the sour cream; mix well. Add another 1/3 of the dry ingredients; mix well. Add half of the bananas; mix well. Repeat with remaining 1/3 of the dry ingredients and remaining bananas. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake until cake tests done, about 30 minutes. Let it cool in the pan for 5 minutes, and then turn onto wire rack to cool. Frost with Allspice Cream Cheese Frosting. 
In a medium bowl, blend the cream cheese, butter, and allspice. Gradually mix in the confectioners' sugar, vanilla, and milk until the mixture is spreadable. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 8 inch round cake pan. Line with parchment paper and grease it as well. Lightly flour pan and paper. Sift together the flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, and salt onto a piece of wax paper. Place the eggs into a mixing bowl set over a pan of hot (not boiling) water. Add the 1/2 cup sugar to the eggs and whisk until the mixture feels warm (not hot) to the touch, about body temperature. Place the bowl onto a mixer and beat on medium speed until the mixture becomes pale yellow in color and falls off the end of the whisk attachment in long ribbons. Add the vanilla. Add about 1/3 of the flour mixture to the beaten egg and fold in. Continue to add the remainder of the flour, folding it in each time. Place about 1 cup of the batter into the bowl containing the melted butter and combine the butter with the batter. Add this back to the main batter and fold it in. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Immediately bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 25 minutes or until the top is a light brown. Cool in pan on a rack about 10 minutes and then invert onto a rack. It is best to invert it again onto another rack so that it cools with the top up. Let cool completely before cutting or frosting. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour a 10 inch Bundt pan. Cream shortening, butter and sugar until light and fluffy (for best results use an electric mixer). This will take a while. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in almond extract. Combine baking powder and flour. Stir into creamed mixture alternately with the milk, starting and ending with flour. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 8x12 inch pan. In a large bowl, cream together 1 cup of the white sugar with 1 cup butter. Add the eggs and beat well. Mix in the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and sour cream, stir until just combined. Pour 1/2 of the batter into the prepared pan then sprinkle with 3/4 of the filling. Pour the remaining cake batter on top and sprinkle top with the remaining filling. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 minutes. To Make Filling: Combine chopped nuts, ground cinnamon, and 3/4 cup white sugar and mix well. 
Separate the eggs. Beat the whites to stiff peaks, and reserve the yolks. In a large bowl, cream sugar and butter or margarine. Beat in egg yolks. Stir in milk and vanilla. Add flour, 1 cup at a time. Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Pour batter into well greased large tube pan. Bake for 90 minutes at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). 
In a small bowl, sift 2 1/2 cups flour, baking powder, and salt together and set aside. Blend shortening and 1 1/2 cups sugar. Mix in the flour mixture. Add 3/4 cup milk; beat for 2 minutes. Add egg whites, 1 teaspoon vanilla and 1/4 cup milk. Beat well. Grease and flour two 9 inch round pans. Pour the batter into the pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes. Cool cake layers on a wire rack. Remove the meat from the coconut and shred it. To Make Frosting: Moisten 1 tablespoon flour with a small amount of water to make a paste. Combine 1 cup milk, coconut milk, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and shredded coconut in a saucepan. Mix in flour paste, and cook for 10 minutes. Cool the frosting, and spread over cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9 x 13 inch pan. Make cake batter as directed on box. Pour into prepared pan. Mix together ricotta, eggs, vanilla, and cinnamon or lemon juice. Pour mixture over cake batter, but do not mix it in. Bake in the preheated oven for 60 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow to cool. 
Mix gelatin and cold water in a small saucepan, and let the mixture stand until gelatin thickens. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly until gelatin dissolves. Remove from heat, and let cool; do not let set. Whip cream, sugar, and vanilla until slightly thickened. Continue beating slowly, while gradually adding the gelatin. Whip at high speed until stiff. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10 inch Bundt pan. Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside. In a large bowl, cream butter, cream cheese, and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg yolks one at a time. Beat in the butter flavoring. Beat in the flour mixture. In a large glass or metal mixing bowl, beat egg whites until stiff peaks form. Fold 1/3 of the whites into the batter, then quickly fold in remaining whites until no streaks remain. Fold the egg whites into the batter. Pour into greased and floured Bundt pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 1 hour, or until a toothpick comes out clean. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one sheet cake pan or one cookie sheet with 1 inch sides. In a large bowl, beat eggs until lemon colored. Add vanilla and salt. Stir in sugar, flour, milk, baking powder, and melted butter or margarine. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes. Do not overbake. While the cake is still warm, spread with peanut butter. Immediately sprinkle with chocolate morsels, and put the pan back into the oven to melt the chocolate. Spread the chocolate evenly over the peanut butter. Refrigerate until chocolate is set. Alternatively, you can let the peanut butter cool and harden. Later, melt the chocolate, and spread it on the cake. It comes out in two distinct peanut butter and chocolate layers that way. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C); grease and flour a 9 inch square baking pan. Combine flour, 1/2 cup sugar, 1/2 cup butter or margarine, 1/3 cup milk, eggs, baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon orange extract , and almond extract until well mixed. Spread batter into prepared pan. To Make Topping: In a heavy 2 quart saucepan combine 1/2 cup butter or margarine, pecans, 1/4 cup sugar, honey, nutmeg, 1 tablespoon milk, and 1/2 teaspoon orange extract. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until mixture comes to a full boil . Continue cooking, stirring occasionally, for 2 or 3 minutes. Pour topping evenly over coffee cake. Bake 22 to 27 minutes, or until wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. 
In a large bowl, cream 1 1/3 cups sugar with 1/2 cup butter or margarine, and salt. Blend extract, 2 tablespoons milk, and remaining sugar into mixture. Gradually stir remaining milk into frosting until desired spreading consistency is reached. Melt and stir unsweetened chocolate and 2 tablespoons butter or margarine together in a microwave, or in a double boiler. Double this glaze if desired. Frost cake. Pipe a frosting scallop at the top edge of the cake to keep glaze from dripping down the sides of the cake. Pour the glaze over the top of the cake. Chill until glaze has set. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 inch cake pans. Sift together the flour, baking soda, salt, 1 cup white sugar, and 1/2 cup cocoa. Add mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and water. Beat with and electric mixer on medium speed for 3 to 4 minutes. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 minutes. Turn oven off, remove cake layers and allow to cool for 10 minutes in pans. Invert 1 layer onto a serving plate and the other layer onto a cooling rack. Top layer on plate with enough unwrapped mints to fully cover top. Return cake to oven for 3 to 5 minutes to soften chocolate mints, then spread evenly with a spatula. Top with second cake layer and allow to cool before frosting. To Make Fudge Frosting: Combine 6 tablespoons cocoa, 2 cups white sugar, 2/3 cup milk, 1/2 cup butter, and a pinch of salt in a saucepan over medium high heat. Stirring constantly bring mixture to a boil and reduce heat to low, allowing mixture to boil gently for 3 minutes without stirring. Remove from heat and let cool for 3 minutes before beating in 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. Beat with an electric mixer until just barely thick enough to spread without running off the cake. Spread over top of cooled cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9x13 inch pan. Mix thoroughly together the biscuit mix, brown sugar, eggs, flaked coconut, chopped pecans, and vanilla. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes. Allow cake to cool before cutting. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease one 11x7 inch glass baking dish. Cream 1/2 cup of the butter or margarine with 1/2 cup of the white sugar until light, beat in the egg. Add the baking powder and the salt. Stir in the 2 cups of flour one cup at a time alternating with the yogurt. Spread batter into the prepared pan. Arrange fruit over top of batter. Sprinkle topping over fruit. To Make Topping: Mix together 1/2 cup white sugar, 1/2 cup flour, 1/2 cup butter or margarine, and the cinnamon until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until the cake is top is puffed and nicely browned. Allow cake to cool. You can serve it directly from the baking dish or for a more attractive presentation, I cut it up into squares and arrange them on a platter. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In an ungreased 8 inch square baking pan combine the biscuit mix, white sugar, 2 tablespoons cocoa, nuts, milk, and vanilla blend well. Combine brown sugar and 1/4 cup cocoa. Spoon evenly over top of cake mix. Do no stir. Pour the boiling water carefully over everything. Do not stir. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes. Allow cake to cool in pan for 20 minutes before serving. Serve with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream. 
In a large bowl mix the candied cherries, chopped pecans, sweetened condensed milk, coconut milk, flaked coconut, raisins, vanilla, and crushed vanilla wafers. Batter will be very stiff. Place into pan and store in the refrigerator. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch tube pan. In a saucepan over medium low heat melt the milk chocolate covered caramel and nougat candy bars and 1/2 cup of the butter or margarine, set aside. Cream 2 cups of the white sugar and 1/2 cup of the butter or margarine together until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs one at time, mixing well after each one. Combine the flour and the baking soda. Add alternately with the buttermilk to the egg mixture. Stir in the melted candy mixture and the pecans. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 1 hour and 10 minutes. Allow cake to cool then frost with Marshmallow Chocolate Icing. To Make Chocolate Marshmallow Icing: In a saucepan over medium heat cook the 2-1/2 cups white sugar and the evaporated milk to the soft ball stage 238 degrees F (114 degrees C). Stir in semi-sweet chocolate chips, 1/2 cup butter or margarine and the marshmallow cream. Stir until all are melted. Remove from heat and beat until cooled. Spoon over top of cooled cake. 
In a saucepan over medium heat cook sugar and evaporated milk to the soft ball stage 238 degrees F (114 degrees C). Stir in the semi-sweet chocolate chips, butter or margarine, and the marshmallow creme. Stir until all are melted. Remove from heat and beat icing until cool. Use to ice cake immediately. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix together the cake mix, 1/3 cup butter or margarine and, the egg. Press into the bottom of one 9x13 inch pan and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 12 to 18 minutes. Remove from oven and sprinkle with miniature marshmallows. Return to oven for 1 to 2 minutes or until the marshmallows begin to puff. In a saucepan over medium heat cook corn syrup, 1/4 cup butter of margarine, vanilla, and peanut butter chips until melted. Remove from heat and stir in the puffed rice cereal and salted peanuts. Spoon mixture over top of marshmallow topped cake and spread to cover. Allow to cool before serving. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour on 9 or 10 inch tube pan. Put chopped pecans in bottom of pan. Combine the cake mix, blackberry gelatin, eggs, oil, and 1 cup blackberry wine. Beat for 2 minutes then pour batter over top of pecans. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 40 to 45 minutes or until cake tests done. Pour 1/2 of blackberry wine glaze over top of cake while still warm. Let set for 10 minutes then remove cake from pan. Allow cake to cool fully before pouring the remaining glaze on top. To Make Blackberry Wine Glaze: Mix together the confectioner's sugar, 1/2 cup blackberry wine, and the softened butter or margarine. Beat until smooth. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 inch round cake pans. Separate the eggs and set aside. Stir the baking soda into the buttermilk. Cream 1/2 cup of the butter or margarine with the white sugar. Add the egg yolks, and vanilla, beating well. Add flour alternately with the mashed bananas. Stir in the buttermilk mixture. Beat the egg whites until stiff. Stir the pecans into the cake batter then fold in the egg whites. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 minutes or until cakes test done. Let cakes cool in pans. To Make Icing: Cream 3 tablespoons butter or margarine with the confectioners' sugar. Stir in the heavy cream until well blended. Spread icing on to cooled cake layers. Top with pecan halves if desired. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Grease and flour one 13x9 inch cake pan. Beat eggs and white sugar together. Stir in the sour cream, oil, and cake mix, beat well. Mix the raisins, chopped nuts, light brown sugar, and ground cinnamon together. Pour 1/2 of the cake batter into the prepared pan. Top with all of the raisin mixture then pour the remaining cake batter over the top. Bake at 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) for 45 to 55 minutes. Let cake cool slightly then spread icing over top. To Make Icing: Mix the confectioner's sugar, butter or margarine, and milk together. Blend until smooth and spread over warm cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 10 inch Bundt pan. In a large bowl, stir together cake mix and pudding mix. Make a well in the center and pour in sour cream, melted butter, eggs and almond extract. Beat on low speed until blended. Scrape bowl, and beat 4 minutes on medium speed. Blend in chocolate chips. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 50 to 55 minutes. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour four 8 inch round cake pans. Cream 1 cup of the butter or margarine, 2 cups of the white sugar, and vanilla together until light and fluffy. Combine flour, baking powder and salt. Add flour mixture to the butter mixture in three parts alternately with the milk in two parts, beginning and ending with flour. Beat the egg whites until stiff. Gently fold the egg whites into the batter. Spread the batter evenly into the four prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Allow cakes to cool. Once cool spread Lane Cake Filling between layers and frost with Seven Minute or Butter Frosting. To Make Lane Cake Filling: Put 1/2 cup of the butter or margarine and 1-1/4 cups of the white sugar into the top of a double boiler away from the heat. Beat together. Add egg yolks and beat well. Stir in water and brandy flavoring. Place over boiling water. Cook and stir until thickened. Add pecans, raisins, cherries and coconut. Stir filling until all ingredients are well combined. Remove from heat. Allow filling to cool before spreading between cooled cake layers. 
Put butter or margarine and the sugar into the top of a double boiler away from the heat. Beat together. Add egg yolks and beat well. Stir in water and brandy flavoring. Place over boiling water. Cook and stir until thickened. Add pecans, raisins, cherries and coconut. Stir until all ingredients are well combined. Remove from heat. Allow filling to cool before using. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour one 9x13 inch cake pan. Beat vegetable oil and eggs until foamy. Add the sugar, flour, ground cinnamon, baking, soda, salt, and vanilla and mix well. Stir in the diced apples. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 40 minutes. Cool cake in pan for 10 minutes. Cake needs no frosting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 13x9 inch cake pan. Make chocolate pudding according to package directions. Combine chocolate cake mix, chocolate pudding, and eggs and beat for 2 minutes at medium speed of an electric mixer. Pour batter into prepared pan and cover top with the semisweet chocolate chips. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and grease and flour two 9 inch round pans. Sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 3/4 cup cocoa. In a large bowl, mix together the white sugar, oil, and 2 eggs. Add the milk and 2 1/2 teaspoons vanilla; mix well. Mix in the sifted ingredients, and then add the hot coffee. Pour the thin batter into the pans. Bake for 30 minutes. Remove the pans from the oven. Cover immediately with a piece of foil, and then a towel. Cool for 10 minutes. Remove the cakes from the pan. Place on a wire rack, and cover again with the foil and towel (the steam created by covering makes these cakes extra moist). Cool completely. To Make Filling: In a small bowl, cream the peanut butter, 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar, and 1 teaspoon butter or margarine. Beat well. Stir in 3 tablespoons cream and 2 teaspoons vanilla. Set filling aside until cakes cool. To Make Frosting: In a mixing bowl, combine 4 cups confectioners' sugar, 4 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons cocoa, egg white, 2 teaspoons vanilla, pinch of salt, and 5 tablespoons cream. Beat with mixer on high until frosting is very creamy, about 2 minutes. Fill and frost the cooled cake. 
In a small bowl, thoroughly mix the tomato sauce and soda. In a mixing bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, spices and salt. Mix in tomato sauce and soda mixture. Stir in eggs, oil, nuts, raisins and fruit juice. Mix well. Pour batter into greased 10 inch bundt or tube pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 to 55 minutes. Cool cake in pan for 15 minutes, and then turn out on serving plate. Dust top with confectioners' sugar. 
Sift flour with baking powder and salt. In a large bowl, cream shortening and 1 cup sugar until light. Beat in egg and vanilla until fluffy. Add sifted ingredients to the creamed mixture alternately with milk, beginning and ending with the sifted ingredients. Spread the batter into a greased 7 x 11 inch baking pan. Place apple pieces in rows on the batter with the sharp edges pressed in slightly. Sprinkle 1/4 cup sugar and cinnamon on top. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 50 to 60 minutes, or until the apples are tender and the cake tests done. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10 inch Bundt or tube pan. In a medium bowl, combine the diced apples, 1 tablespoon white sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon; set aside. Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt; set aside. In a large bowl, combine 2 cups white sugar, oil, orange juice, vanilla and eggs. Beat at high speed until smooth. Stir in flour mixture. Fold in chopped walnuts. Pour 1/3 of the batter into prepared pan. Sprinkle with 1/2 of the apple mixture. Alternate layers of batter and filling, ending with batter. Bake in preheated oven for 55 to 60 minutes, or until the top springs back when lightly touched. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely. Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar. 
Sift together the cornstarch, flour, baking powder, and salt. Separate the eggs. Beat the egg whites until stiff, and set aside. In a large bowl, cream the shortening and sugar. Add the egg yolks, and beat until mixture is very creamy. Sift the dry ingredients, and add alternately with the milk. Stir in the vanilla. Fold in the beaten egg whites. Bake in a greased 9 inch square pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 to 50 minutes. Cool cake on a rack, and frost with a lemon butter icing. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). In a 10-inch heavy skillet with a heat-resistant handle (I use a cast iron skillet), melt 1/2 cup butter over very low heat. Remove from heat, and sprinkle brown sugar evenly over pan. Arrange pineapple slices to cover bottom of skillet. Distribute cherries around pineapple; set aside. Sift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Separate the eggs into two bowls. In a large bowl, beat egg whites just until soft peaks form. Add granulated sugar gradually, beating well after each addition. Beat until medium-stiff peaks form. In a small bowl, beat egg yolks at high speed until very thick and yellow. With a wire whisk or rubber scraper, using an over-and-under motion, gently fold egg yolks and flour mixture into whites until blended. Fold in 1 tablespoon melted butter or margarine and almond extract. Spread batter evenly over pineapple in skillet. Bake until surface springs back when gently pressed with fingertip and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 30 to 35 minutes. Loosen the edges of the cake with table knife. Cool the cake for 5 minutes before inverting onto serving plate. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 9-inch round pans. Sift and measure cake flour. Add salt and baking powder, and sift again. In a large bowl, beat shortening until smooth. Add sugar gradually, and beat until fluffy. Add sifted ingredients alternately with milk and flavorings (see Cook's Note). Beat thoroughly after each addition. Beat egg whites until stiff, and fold into mixture. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake in preheated oven until cake springs back when lightly touched with a fingertip and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Allow to cool completely before frosting. 
Combine sugar, water, and cream of tartar in a saucepan. Cook until candy thermometer reaches 238 degrees F (115 degrees C), or until syrup spins a long thread when dripped from a spoon. Beat egg whites until stiff. Pour a thin, slow stream of the syrup into egg whites, beating constantly until frosting stands in peaks. Stir in salt and vanilla to taste. 
Sift and measure flour. Add salt and baking powder, and sift again. Whip the cream until stiff. Drop in eggs one at a time, and beat until light and fluffy. Add sugar and vanilla, and beat again. Add sifted ingredients gradually to mixture; beat well after each addition. Pour batter into greased 9 inch round pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 minutes. 
Place egg whites, brown sugar, maple syrup, water, and cream of tartar in the top of a double boiler over boiling water. Beat with a mixer until frosting has a good spreading consistency, and will stand in peaks. Remove from heat. Fill and frost cake. Sprinkle the top with chopped nuts. 
Grind almonds in a blender. Thoroughly mix in confectioners sugar. Beat egg whites slightly, then stir into the almond mixture. Add almond extract or rosewater (see Cook's Note), using your hands to blend the heavy mixture. Store in the refrigerator up to 1 week or in the freezer up to 3 months. 
Place raisins and currants in a bowl, and add enough water to just cover them. Soak overnight. Chop orange and lemon peel quite fine; do the same with the citron, angelica, and both types of cherries. Pour 1/2 cup brandy over fruit, and allow to stand overnight. Sift together flour, mace, and nutmeg. Beat egg yolks until thick and light, then beat in 1 cup of sugar a little at a time. Stir in lemon juice. Beat egg whites until stiff peaks form. In a large bowl, cream the butter, and then add 1 cup sugar a little at a time; beat until smooth. Combine yolk mixture with creamed mixture. Add flour and 1/3 cup sherry alternately to the creamed mixture. Stir in all the fruit, and fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Pour batter into a well greased and floured 10 inch mold or tube pan. This cake can also be made in 2 large loaf pans. Place a pan of hot water in the bottom of a preheated 350 degree F (175 degrees C) oven. Place cake pans in oven, and bake about 20 minutes. Reduce heat to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C); continue baking 100 minutes for large cake, or 40 minutes for loaf cakes. Cakes are done when a toothpick comes out dry. Turn cake(s) out on rack to cool. Wrap cake(s) in cheesecloth soaked in sherry, and store in airtight container for a month or more. If the cheesecloth dries out in the mellowing period soak it again with the same spirits, and rewrap the cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8 inch round pans. Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt in a small bowl. Cream butter and sugar together in a mixing bowl. Add egg yolks and vanilla; beat until fluffy. Add milk to butter mixture in 2 parts alternately with flour mixture in 3 parts, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Spread in prepared pans. Bake for about 25 to 30 minutes, or until an inserted wooden pick comes out clean. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter and flour two 9 inch round cake pans. In a double boiler melt the white chocolate over hot water. Set aside to cool slightly. In a medium bowl whisk the flour, baking powder, and salt. In a large bowl cream the butter or margarine and white sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the melted white chocolate and the vanilla. In three additions alternately beat in the flour mixture and the milk into the creamed mixture. Beat only until just smooth. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the top is golden. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix the chocolate wafer cookie crumbs, 2 tablespoons white sugar, and melted butter together in a bowl. Press firmly into the bottom and 1/2-inch up the sides of a 9-inch springform pan. Bake crust in the preheated oven until set, about 8 minutes. Beat cream cheese and 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons white sugar together in a bowl until creamy. Add 1 cup sour cream, eggs, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; beat until batter is smooth. Pour batter over crust into springform pan. Beat 1/4 cup butter, brown sugar, and 1/4 cup white sugar together in a bowl. Stir water and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract into brown sugar mixture. Add chocolate chips and flour; stir until cookie dough is well-combined. Drop cookie dough in 2 tablespoon portions evenly over the top of the cheesecake, pushing dough beneath the surface of the batter. Bake in the preheated oven until cheesecake is almost completely set and jiggles slightly in center when shaken, about 40 minutes. Stir 1 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons white sugar, and 1 teaspoon vanilla together in a bowl until smooth. Spread sour cream mixture over hot cheesecake. Cool cake to room temperature and refrigerate until cold, at least 4 hours. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix the eggs, undrained crushed pineapple, flour, 1 cup of the white sugar, baking soda, salt, and 1 teaspoon of the vanilla together and stir until just combined. Pour batter into one ungreased 9x13 inch baking pan. Combine the light brown sugar and the chopped nuts. Sprinkle over the top of the cake batter. Bake in preheated oven for 25 to 35 minutes or until cake tests done. Remove cake from oven and pour topping over hot cake. To Make Topping: In a small saucepan combine the butter or margarine, the evaporated milk, the remaining 1/2 cup of the white sugar, and 1 teaspoon of the vanilla. Cook over medium low heat, stirring occasionally until sugar is dissolved. Mixture will be thin. Pour over hot cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl mix the flour and white sugar together. Cut in the butter or margarine with a pastry blender or two knives until mealy. Stir in the unbeaten egg and mix with your hands until dough holds together. Divide dough into 7 equal parts. Roll each part into a 9 inch circle on a lightly floured non-stick cookie sheet. (Cookie sheets need to be without edges so you can roll out cookies on the cookie sheet as you can't transfer cookie after it's rolled out.) If the cookie edges get uneven while rolling out, just push them back and roll again until you get a fairly even 9 inch circle. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 10 to 12 minutes, until lightly browned on edges. Cool and remove gently. To Make Filling: Combine sour cream, confectioner's sugar, chopped walnuts, and vanilla and mix until smooth. Divide filling into 6 equal portions. Assemble cookie layers by putting filling between cookie layers, stacking up as you go. (The 7th cookie sets on top of the stack; there is no sour cream filling on top of it.) Sift confectioner's sugar on the top cookie. Refrigerate for at least 5 hours or longer so the whole thing can meld & mellow together into a "cake-like" torte. Cut into wedges and stand back while everyone goes NUTS! 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Beat egg whites until stiff but not dry. Combine cream of tartar, baking powder, vanilla, cinnamon, oats, and mashed bananas. In a separate bowl combine the flour, confectioner's sugar, and salt. Fold the banana mixture into the egg whites. Then fold the flour mixture into the egg white/banana mixture. Pour batter into one 9 or 10 inch round cake pan, coated with a non-stick cooking spray. Bake at 325 degrees (165 degrees C) for 1 hour, until cake is firm and lightly golden. Cool for five minutes then slip out of pan onto a serving dish. Garnish with a light dusting of confectioner's sugar. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line one 13x9 inch pan with a greased cake sheet. Beat eggs and sugar together until creamy. In a separate bowl, mix ovalette, butter, and coconut milk. Add into the egg mixture and continue mixing until ingredients are blended well. Stir in the sifted flour and salt. Mix well. Separate batter into 2 bowls. Mix one bowl with the pandan paste and the green food coloring , making sure that the color is stirred in well. Pour 1 to 2 soup-ladle scoops of green cake mixture onto pan. Even it out so that the mixture covers the base of the pan Pour 1-2 soup-ladle scoops of green cake mixture onto pan. Even it out so that the mixture covers the base of the pan. Bake it in a 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) oven until the top is brown. Take it out of the oven, prick the top gently with a fork and brush some butter over the top. Pour 1-2 scoops of the 'normal' colored cake mixture on top of the first layer. Spread evenly. Change your oven setting so that you're using the upper fire only (broiler). Increase temperature to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Bake the second layer till the top turns brown. Repeat the above procedure, alternating the colors each layer, until there is no cake mix left. Let cake cool and cut and serve in finger-size portions. (I do not recommend that this cake be eaten in chunks because it is very rich and high in cholesterol). Refrigerate any uneaten portions. Cake keeps well for 2 weeks if refrigerated. Thaw it for about 1/2 hour before eating. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line the bottoms of two 8 or 9 inch round cake pans with parchment paper. Sift together the flour, baking soda, salt, and white sugar. Beat shortening until light and fluffy. Mix in dry ingredients. Add 3/4 cup of buttermilk and mix until all flour is dampened. Then beat with electric mixer. Add egg whites, melted chocolate, and remaining buttermilk, beat well and pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes. When cake is cool frost between layer and over top and sides with Golden Orange Frosting. Mark outlines of Halloween cats and bats by lightly pressing paper cut-outs into frosting, then removing paper. Melt 1 square unsweetened chocolate with 1 tsp. butter. Using a brush, fill in the outlines with the chocolate mixture. To Make Golden Orange Frosting: Cream together butter, orange rind, lemon rind, and salt. Add egg yolk and mix well. Add confectioners sugar, alternately with orange juice and lemon juice, beating well after each addition. Makes 2 cups frosting, or enough to cover tops and sides of two 9 inch layers. 
Cream together butter, orange rind, lemon rind, and salt. Add egg yolk and mix well. Add confectioners sugar, alternately with orange juice and lemon juice, beating well after each addition. Makes 2 cups frosting, or enough to cover tops and sides of two 9 inch layers. 
Cream butter until soft. Add salt and part of sugar gradually, blending after each addition. Then add egg yolks and vanilla; blend well. Add remaining sugar, alternately with milk, until of right consistency to spread, beating after each addition until smooth. Makes 2 1/2 cups or enough frosting to cover tops and sides of two 8 or 9 inch layers. Note: If desired, 1 whole egg may be substituted for the 2 egg yolks to make 2 3/4 cups frosting. 
Grease an 8 inch springform pan thickly with butter. Turn pan on its side, place a few graham cracker crumbs in pan and shake so crumbs stick to sides. Keep turning and add crumbs as needed until sides are well coated. Set pan upright and coat bottom of pan. Put pan into freezer for 30 minutes or refrigerator for 2 hours. Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). With electric beater, mix cream cheese, sugar, egg yolks, flour, vanilla, and salt. Beat thoroughly and then turn mixer to slowest speed and slowly pour in the cream. Beat the egg whites until stiff but not dry. Add to the above mixture and fold the whites in by hand, lightly but thoroughly. Pour mixture into the crumb-lined pan. Set pan into shallow pan containing 1 inch hot water and bake at 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) for 1 1/2 hours. Refrigerate for at least 6 hours before serving. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Mix the flour, 2 cups of the sugar, baking soda, 6 tablespoons of the cocoa, salt, vegetable oil, vinegar, 2 teaspoons vanilla, and the water together. Stir until just combined. Pour batter into on ungreased 13x9 inch baking pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes. Let cake cool than ice. To Make Icing: Beat together the butter or margarine, vegetable shortening, 1 cup sugar, milk, and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Continue beating for 10 minutes. Spread over cooled cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 13x9 inch cake pan. In a large mixing bowl, cream 1/2 cup butter or margarine and sugar until light. Beat in eggs, one at a time; add 1 teaspoon vanilla. Sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda, 1/4 teaspoon salt and cocoa powder. Add to creamed mixture alternately with water, beating after each addition. Stir in sauerkraut. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes. Let cake cool in pan. Frost with Sour Cream Chocolate Frosting. Cut into squares to serve. To Make Sour Cream Chocolate Frosting: Melt the semi-sweet chocolate pieces and 4 T butter or margarine over low heat. Remove from heat. Blend in the sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Gradually add sifted confectioners' sugar to make spreading consistency. Beat well. Spread over cooled cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8 or 9 inch layer pans or one 9 or 10 inch kugelhopf pan. Cream butter, add sugar and blend, beat in the eggs. Sift the cream of tartar and baking soda with the flour twice before adding it to the creamed mixture alternately with the milk and vanilla. (Put in a cup of raisins or walnuts if you wish - it is really great). Pour batter into prepared pan(s). Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes in the layer pans or 45 minutes in the kugelhopf pan, 
Whisk together the flours, baking powder, and spices. In a large bowl, cream the butter or margarine with the brown sugar. Beat in the eggs, then the honey, orange liqueur, sour cream, and orange juice. Beat the flour mixture into the creamed mixture, and then stir in the raisins and almonds. Turn batter into a greased and floured tube pan. Bake cake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 80 minutes, or until it tests done with toothpick. Transfer to a rack to cool. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9 x 13 inch pan. Sift together cake flour, baking powder, and salt. In a large bowl, combine shortening, sugar, yolks, and vanilla; beat with mixer. Add sifted flour mixture alternately with milk in three parts; continue to beat until just blended. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for about 35 minutes. Remove from pan, and cool on a wire rack. Ice with Fluffy Boiled Icing. Sprinkle with coconut and chopped maraschino cherries if you wish. 
Combine sugar, water, corn syrup, and salt in a saucepan; stir until well blended. Boil slowly without stirring until mixture will spin a long thread when a little is dropped from a spoon (hold the spoon high above saucepan), or reaches 238 - 242 degrees F (114 - 117 degrees C). In a large bowl, beat egg whites with a mixer until they are stiff, but still moist. Pour hot syrup slowly over egg whites while beating. Continue until mixture is very fluffy, and will hold its shape. Add vanilla, and beat until blended. If icing does not seem stiff enough, beat in 2 or 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar 1 tablespoon at a time until stiff enough to hold its shape. Spread on cake. 
Grease three 9 inch cake pans. Line bottoms with parchment paper. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). In a small pan over low heat, combine 1cup chocolate chips and 1/4 cup water. Stir until chocolate chips have melted, and mixture is smooth. Allow to cool to room temperature. Sift together flour, soda and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Set aside. In a large bowl, cream the butter or margarine with the sugar. Add vanilla. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in chocolate mixture. Stir flour mixture into creamed mixture alternately with buttermilk. Blend until smooth. Divide batter into three 9 inch pans, and smooth tops. Bake for 25 minutes, or until pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool cakes in pans for 10 to 15 minutes, then invert on wire racks; turn right side up to cool completely. Place 1 cake layer upside down on cake platter. Spread with 1/2 inch layer chocolate whipped cream. Repeat with another cake layer. Top with remaining cake layer. Frost with remaining cream. To Make Chocolate Whipped Cream Frosting: In small saucepan over low heat stir 1 cup chocolate chips, honey, 2 tablespoons water and 1/8 teaspoon salt until chocolate is melted and mixture is smooth; cool completely. In medium bowl beat cream until it holds its shape. Gradually fold about 3 large tablespoons cream into chocolate mixture, then fold chocolate mixture into remaining whipped cream until blended. 
Combine oil, unsweetened chocolate, egg, sugar, milk, flour, salt, vanilla, and baking soda in a 9 inch square pan. Mix until smooth. Sprinkle with nuts and chocolate chips. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes. Cool on wire racks. 
Heat your oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9 inch square pan. In one medium bowl, stir together four, baking powder, baking soda, salt, nutmeg, cinnamon, cloves, and ginger. Next, stir in sugar, honey, oil, and coffee. With an electric beater at medium speed, beat batter for two minutes; add egg, and beat for one minute longer. Pour into prepared pan. Bake until a cake tester inserted in center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Cool completely before serving, and then enjoy! 
Melt the bittersweet chocolate, and allow to cool slightly. Place the butter or margarine, salt, and vanilla in a mixing bowl. Beat with a mixer until very light and airy, about 4 minutes. Add the powdered sugar a little at a time while beating on low speed. Mix well, and beat on medium speed for about 4 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, and beat for 5 minutes more. Add the melted chocolate, and beat 4 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Have ready two 10-inch cardboard circles. Generously grease a 9-inch springform pan with soft butter, and dust with flour. Beat the egg whites until frothy, and gradually add 1 cup sugar. Beat just to soft peaks. In another bowl, beat the yolks with the milk, lemon peel, vanilla, and salt. Fold this into the egg whites. Sift the flour over the egg mixture, and fold in. Spread 1 1/3 cups batter into the prepared pan. Bake for about 5 to 9 minutes, or until small, brown spots begin to appear on cake. Remove the cake from the oven, and remove layer from pan with a spatula. Dust the cake lightly with flour, and place on a rack to cool. Grease pan again, and repeat this process until all of the batter is used, about 6 times more. Place the layers between wax paper, and cover with a towel. Chill layers for a few hours. Make the Chocolate Buttercream. Layer the chilled layers on one of the cardboard rounds with the buttercream. Start with one layer; cover with the buttercream, and then press down with another layer to make a good seal. Repeat this with the remaining layers, but reserve one layer. Wrap the cake in plastic, and chill for at least 6 hours along with the remaining buttercream. Grease the other cardboard round with the shortening, and place the last layer on it. Place 1 cup sugar into a non-stick skillet over medium heat. Allow sugar to cook until the edges look melted and brown. Begin stirring with a wooden spoon. Cook until the sugar become an amber color, and is smooth. Carefully pour the caramel over the top of the last layer, and spread to the edges with an oiled knife. Quickly, using an oiled knife, indent the top of the caramel into 16 wedges. Allow to cool slightly, and then retouch the indents with the knife again. Place layer onto a counter top dusted with sugar, and allow the caramel to cool completely. Place some more buttercream on top of the chilled torte, and top with the caramel round. Frost the sides with the remaining buttercream. Chill the torte before serving. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13 inch pan. Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Set aside. In a saucepan, combine raisins and 1 cup water. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in 1/2 cup cold water and 1/4 cup shortening. In a large bowl, combine sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice, salt, baking soda and flour. Stir in raisin mixture until well blended. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 minutes. 
Beat egg white with salt until foamy. Gradually add sugar, and continue beating until mixture forms stiff shiny peaks. Blend in flour and coconut. Combine cake mix, instant pudding mix, eggs, yolks, water, and oil in a large bowl. Blend, then beat with electric mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes. Pour 1/3 of the batter into a greased and floured Bundt pan. Spoon in coconut mixture, and top with remaining batter. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 to 55 minutes. Remove to wire rack, and cool thoroughly. 
Stir together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In a large bowl, cream the butter or margarine, 3/4 cup granulated sugar, and brown sugar. Beat in eggs, then add vanilla, sour cream, and orange rind. Beat the flour mixture into the creamed mixture. Stir in the pecans. Pour the batter into a greased and floured tube pan. In a small bowl, mix together the remaining 1/4 cup sugar, the orange juice, and the liqueur. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour, or until it tests done with a toothpick. Pour the orange juice mixture over the hot cake. Transfer to a rack to cool. 
In a bowl, beat the egg whites with the cream of tartar until stiff. Gradually beat in 1/2 cup sugar. In another bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder, and salt. In a large bowl, cream the butter or margarine with the remaining 1/2 cup sugar. Beat in lemon rind, lemon juice, sour cream, and vanilla. Stir the flour mixture into the butter mixture, along with about 1/3 of the beaten egg whites. Fold in the rest of the egg whites gently but thoroughly. Stir in the almonds. Turn the batter into a greased and floured tube pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 70 minutes, or until it tests done with a toothpick. Cool on a wire rack. 
Stir together the flours, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt. In a large bowl, cream the butter or margarine with the sugars. Beat in the eggs, and then the citrus peels and juices. Stir in the carrots. Beat the flour mixture into the carrot mixture. Stir in the walnuts and raisins. Turn the batter into a greased and floured tube pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees) for about 90 minutes, or until it tests done with a toothpick. Transfer to a rack to cool. 
Preheat oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Cream butter and sugar together well. Beat in eggs one at a time. Mix in lemon juice and vanilla. Add remaining ingredients. Stir well. Turn into greased and floured 10 inch angel food tube pan. Bake in oven for about 2 1/2 to 3 hours until an inserted wooden pick comes out clean. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9 x 13 inch pan. Measure flour, baking soda, baking powder, soda, and spices into a large bowl. Add condensed soup and shortening. Beat at low to medium speed for 2 minutes, scraping sides and bottom of bowl constantly. Add eggs and water; beat 2 minutes more, scraping bowl frequently. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake 35 to 40 minutes. Cool in pan for 10 minutes; remove and cool completely on rack. Frost with cream cheese frosting. 
Sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt. In a large mixing bowl, stir together the eggs and the milk. Add flour mixture to the egg mixture, and beat with a mixer until smooth. The consistancy should be thin enough to run through a small kitchen funnel. Test it, and if it is too thick beat in a little more milk; if too thin, beat in a bit more flour. In an eight inch skillet, heat the oil to 360 degrees F (182 degrees C). Put your finger over the bottom opening of the funnel, and fill the funnel with a generous 1/2 cup of the batter. Hold the funnel close to the surface of the oil, and release the batter into the oil while making a circular motion. Fry until golden brown. Use tongs and wide spatula to turn the cake over carefully. Fry the second side one minute. Drain on paper towels, and sprinkle with sifted confectioners' sugar. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 9-inch round pans and line the bottoms with parchment paper. Sift together the cake flour and salt. Melt chocolate and butter together in a double boiler. Turn into mixing bowl, and cool to room temperature; this mixture must be cool. Mix in the sugar. Blend in egg yolks and 1 cup milk. Pour in the flour and salt, and mix just until incorporated. Beat batter with electric mixer for 1 minute, and then blend in vanilla and 1/2 cup milk. Dissolve baking soda in the remaining 1/4 cup milk; stir into the batter quickly and thoroughly. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven until the surface of the cakes spring back lightly when pressed with a finger, about 30 minutes. Cool cakes on wire racks. Prepare Seven Minute Frosting, omitting vanilla (see Footnote for link). Tint the frosting a delicate pink with a few drops of food coloring, and add 1/4 cup crushed candy. Frost and fill the cooled cake. Garnish with bits of crushed candy. 
Cream butter or margarine. Add part of the sugar gradually, blending after each addition. Add remaining sugar, alternately with egg white, then with cream, beating after each addition until smooth. Stir in vanilla and salt. Divide into different bowls if you wish to make different colors, and tint delicately with coloring. Keep frosting covered to avoid crusting. If necessary, one or two drops of cream or milk may be added to maintain consistency 
Line two 8 x 4 x 3 inch loaf pans with waxed paper. Beat the egg whites until stiff. Beat the whipping cream until soft peaks form. Melt chocolate in a double boiler. Blend in water. Remove from heat, and add egg yolks; beat vigorously until smooth. Add sugar, and mix well. Fold whipped cream into chocolate mixture. Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Separate ladyfingers. Line bottom of each pan with single ladyfingers. Cut remaining ladyfingers in half crosswise, and use to line the sides of the pans. Fill with chocolate mixture. Chill 12 to 24 hours. Unmold. Serve with additional whipped cream if desired. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour three 9 inch round layer cake pans. In small bowl combine flour, baking powder and salt. In another small mixer bowl beat egg yolks until thick and lemon colored; set aside. In large mixer bowl combine butter and sugar. Beat until very light and fluffy, scraping bowl occasionally. Beat in egg yolks. With mixer at low speed add dry ingredients alternately with milk and vanilla, starting and ending with dry ingredients. Divide evenly among prepared pans. Spread to edges. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes, until golden. Let cool in pans for 10 minutes. Turn out onto wire racks to cool completely. Make Seven Minute Frosting (see footnote). Remove one third of the Seven Minute Frosting and place it in a mixing bowl with the macaroon crumbs, pecans, almonds, cherries, lemon juice, and orange rind. Fold together until thoroughly blended. Use this mixture as the filling between the three cake layers, and use the remaining 2/3 of the frosting to cover the tops and sides of the cake. 
Line the bottom and two long sides of a 9 x 5 x 3 inch loaf pan with waxed paper. Trim the crusts from the pound cakes, and cut each cake lengthwise into 3 even slices. Line the bottom and long sides of the loaf pan with 3 of the pound cake slices. Trim two of the remaining slices to fit the short ends of the pans, and reserve the scraps. Pack the sherbet into the cake lined pans, and top with the remaining slice of cake. Use the cake scraps to fill in any areas with exposed sherbet. Cover the cake with waxed paper. Freeze until firm, at least 3 hours. In a mixing bowl, combine cream, sugar, and vanilla; beat until stiff. Invert cake on serving platter, and frost with sweetened whipped cream. Return cake to the freezer until ready to serve. 
In a medium saucepan, combine 1 cup butter or margarine, 1/4 cup cocoa, and water. Cook over medium heat until butter is melted. In a large mixing bowl stir together sugar, flour, soda, and cinnamon. Add cocoa mixture to flour mixture, and blend. Beat together eggs and buttermilk, and blend into batter thoroughly. Stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla. Pour batter into ungreased 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake for 20 minutes at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). To Make Frosting: Five minutes before cake is done, combine 1/2 cup butter, 1/4 cup cocoa, and milk in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, and simmer about 3 minutes; remove from heat. Stir in confectioners' sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla, blending until smooth. Spread immediately over hot cake in pan. Sprinkle with nuts. 
Beat together egg yolks, lemon juice, lemon rind, and butter or margarine until thick and lemon colored. Combine sugar, flour, and salt; add alternately with milk to the yolk mixture, beating well after each addition. Beat egg whites until stiff. Blend egg whites into batter on low speed of electric mixer. Pour into 8 inch square baking dish. Place a pan of hot water in the oven, and set the baking dish into the pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes. 
Pour boiling water over dates in a small bowl, and let stand until cool. Measure flour, baking powder, soda, salt, and nuts into a small bowl. Stir to mix. Cream 1/4 cup butter or margarine and white sugar together in a mixing bowl; beat in egg and vanilla. Add flour mixture to creamed mixture in three parts alternately with date mixture in two parts, beginning and ending with dry mixture. Spread batter into a greased 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 40 minutes, or until an inserted wooden pick comes out clean. To Make Topping: Mix coconut, brown sugar, 6 tablespoons butter and cream in a small saucepan over medium heat. Boil for three minutes. Spread over warm cake, and brown under broiler. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 9 inch round cake pans. Measure flour, sugar, cocoa, oil, eggs, buttermilk, baking powder, soda, and salt into a mixing bowl. Dissolve instant coffee in hot water, and add to mixing bowl. Beat at medium speed for 2 minutes until smooth; batter will be thin. Pour into prepared pans. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until an inserted wooden pick comes out clean. Cool in pans for 10 minutes, and then turn out onto racks to cool completely. Frost cooled cake with Coffee Icing. After frosting, melt some semisweet chocolate baking squares or chips in a double boiler. Drizzle chocolate around top outside edges letting it run down sides, or over top of cake. 
To Make Crust: Melt butter or margarine in a small saucepan. Stir in graham cracker crumbs, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, and 1/3 cup chopped nuts. Pack into ungreased 9 or 9 1/2 inch springform pan. To Make Filling: Beat cream cheese and 1 1/4 cups brown sugar together until smooth and fluffy. Slowly beat in eggs one at a time, just until blended. Stir in 1 teaspoon rum flavoring, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1/4 cup sour cream, and 1/3 cup chopped nuts. Pour filling into pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 55 to 60 minutes, until set. Remove pan to cake rack while you prepare topping. To Make Topping: Stir together 1 1/2 cups sour cream, 1/4 cup brown sugar, maple flavoring, and 1/2 teaspoon rum flavoring. Spread over cheesecake. Return to oven, and bake for 10 minutes. Loosen sides of cake. Cool until almost room temperature, then chill for a few hours before serving. 
Grease and flour a 10 inch tube pan. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Combine cake mix with sugar, cooking oil, and apricot nectar. Beat for two minutes with mixer. Add eggs one at a time, beating for 30 seconds after each addition. Pour batter into pan. Bake for 50 to 60 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes in the pan before turning out onto a plate. In a small bowl, mix lemon juice with confectioners' sugar until you reach desired consistency. Drizzle glaze over sides of warm cake. 
In a mixing bowl, beat together egg and milk. Beat in flour, salt, baking soda, cream of tartar, and white sugar until smooth. Heat about 1 inch cooking oil in frying pan to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Pour 1/2 cup batter through funnel into oil with a circular motion to form a spiral. Fry until lightly brown; turn over to brown the other side. Cook to golden brown, and remove to drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with confectioner's sugar while still warm. 
Sift together flour, cocoa, soda, baking powder, and salt. Cream shortening, sugar, and eggs. Blend in sourdough starter. Add sifted ingredients slowly to creamed mixture, beating until smooth. Stir in water and vanilla, and mix well. Pour batter into greased and floured 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 minutes, or until done. 
Place raisins in a saucepan, and cover with water. Bring to a boil, and cook for 5 minutes. Drain all water from raisins. In a medium bowl, mix 1 cup flour into gumdrops, cherries, nuts, and drained raisins. In a large bowl, beat butter or margarine, sugar, and eggs. Mix in applesauce. Stir remaining flour, salt, and cinnamon into creamed mixture. Dissolve soda dissolved in hot water. Mix into batter well. Stir in floured fruit. Line an angel food pan with parchment paper, and grease with butter or margarine. Pour batter to within one inch of the top of pan. Bake 3 hours at 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). When nearly done, cover top of cake with a piece of tinfoil to prevent top of cake from overcooking. 
Line an angel food pan with parchment paper and brush with melted butter. Cream butter or margarine, and then beat in sugar. Beat in eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in extract. Mix in flour, baking powder, and salt. Stir in raisins, cherries, pineapple, and mixed peel. Cover bowl and let sit at room temperature, 8 hours to overnight. Bake at 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) for 2 1/2 hours with a pan of hot water placed on the lowest rack of your oven during baking. Brush warm cake with some melted butter. 
Beat together confectioners' sugar, butter or margarine, coffee, and vanilla until smooth. Add more liquid or confectioners' sugar as needed. 
Do NOT use mixer. Combine flour, white sugar, salt, baking soda, and ground cinnamon. Add eggs and oil stirring until dry ingredients are moistened. Stir in 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla, pineapple, nuts and bananas. Pour into 3 9-inch greased and floured pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25-30 minutes or until cake tests done. To Make Cream Cheese Frosting: Combine cream cheese and butter or margarine. Cream until smooth. Add confectioners' sugar, beating until light and fluffy. Stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla. Frost cooled cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13-inch pan. Beat together the white sugar and butter. Add the eggs and 1 teaspoon vanilla. In a separate bowl, combine the flour and baking powder. Add the flour mixture alternately with the milk. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool cake completely on wire rack. Combine the brown sugar, egg whites, water, and salt in a heat-proof bowl. Place the bowl over a saucepan of boiling water and beat with an electric mixer. Cook the frosting, beating constantly, for 10 minutes, or until the frosting will stand in peaks. Remove from heat and add 1 teaspoon vanilla. Beat until thick. Spread the frosting on the cooled cake. To decorate, place one large raisin in each corner. Then place toasted almonds, toasted pecans, and red and green cherries all over the cake. 
Beat egg whites lightly and add enough sugar to make icing that will hold shape. Blend in lemon juice to get desired consistency. Spread over Almond Paste on cake and let harden. Decorate. 
Blend butter, sugar, spices and salt. Beat egg yolks and add. Sift in baking powder and flour, then add water and honey. Put fruit and nuts through food processor and flour well. Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Pour into a 13 x 9-inch pan and bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for one hour. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease two 9-inch round cake pans. Beat the butter and white sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until light and fluffy. The mixture should be noticeably lighter in color. Add the room-temperature eggs in three batches, blending them into the butter mixture fully. Stir in the vanilla. Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, nutmeg, and salt. Pour 1/3 of the flour mixture into the bowl; mix just until incorporated. Stir in 1/2 the buttermilk, mixing gently. Continue adding the flour alternately with the buttermilk, mixing until combined. Spread the batter into the prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, about 25 to 30 minutes. Let the cakes cool in the pans for 10 minutes, then invert them on a wire rack to cool completely before icing. To make the Caramel Icing: In a medium saucepan, heat the brown sugar, cream or milk, and 1/4 cup butter until it boils. Boil for 2 minutes, then remove from heat. Let cool. Stir in confectioner's sugar and beat until smooth. Add more cream or milk or confectioner's sugar as needed to achieve desired spreading consistency. Makes about 1 1/3 cups. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 7x7 inch square baking pan. Boil sugar, raisins, butter, and the water until the raisins absorb most of the water and are quite soggy and mushy. Set aside and let cool completely. Sift the flour, cinnamon, and the baking powder together. Stir the flour mixture into the raisin mixture and mix until just combined. Spread the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 to 45 minutes or until cake springs back upon the touch. Immediately put on a wire rack to cool. This is a very soft cake, liable to break easily. Take care when you cut the cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and line with parchment paper one 9 inch round cake pan. Cream shortening, add white sugar gradually and cream until fluffy. Blend in the well beaten eggs. In a separate bowl, slowly add hot water to cocoa and mix until smooth, dissolving cocoa completely. In a third bowl, sift together the flour, salt, baking soda, and baking powder; add to creamed mixture alternately with the cocoa mixture. Blend in vanilla. Pour batter into one 9 inch round pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes or until cake tester comes out clean. Let cake cool then ice with Lemon Icing. To Make Icing: Combine confectioner's sugar with enough lemon juice to make the icing spreadable without being runny or stiff (about 1/4 cup). Stir in the grated zest. Pour icing over top of cake. See the full moon. 
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and line with parchment paper 2 nine inch round layer pans. Sift the flour, baking powder, and salt together. Separate the eggs and set the egg whites aside. Beat the egg yolks together on medium-high speed until very thick, about 4 minutes. Gradually add the cold water. Add 1- 1/4 cups of the white sugar, slowly, and beat well for about 3 more minutes. Add 1 teaspoon of the vanilla. Sift the flour mixture over the egg yolk mixture and fold in. Beat the egg whites and cream of tartar together until stiff peaks form. Fold this into the yolk mixture. Divide batter between the pans. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 25 minutes. Cool on rack for 10 minutes and then invert and cool completely. Cut each cake layer in half. Place one of the 4 halves on a cake board or plate and sprinkle with a little of the Rum Syrup. Spread about 1-1/2 cups of the Filling over this layer. Add a second layer of cake and repeat this procedure. Top the cake with the last layer of cake. Chill at least 4 hours. Spread Chocolate Glaze over top of cake. To Make Ricotta Cheese Filling: Beat the ricotta cheese well and add the confectioner's sugar and cinnamon. Add 1-1/2 teaspoons of the vanilla and grate 2 ounces of the chocolate in using the coarse side of a grater. Stir in the candied lemon peel and mix. Chill until ready to use. To Make The Rum Syrup: Place 1/3 cup of the sugar and the water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Boil 1 minute and then remove from heat and add the rum. Cool to room temperature. To Make The Chocolate Glaze: Melt 6 ounces of the chocolate and the cream in the microwave, whisk smooth. Add the butter and whisk until dissolved. Cool mixture until spreadable. Spread over the top of the cake. 
Beat the ricotta cheese well and add the confectioner's sugar and the cinnamon. Add the vanilla and grate the chocolate in using the coarse side of a grater. Stir in the candied lemon peel and mix. Chill until ready to use. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9x13 inch baking pan. Blend together cake mix, egg whites, 2 cups whipped topping and 1 cup of water. Pour 1/2 the batter into the prepared pan. Sprinkle 1 1/2 cups of the dry frosting mix over batter. Spread remaining batter over frosting mix. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes or until cake tests done. Let cake cool then frost with Strawberry Frosting. To Make Frosting: Blend remaining frosting mix with remaining whipped topping and 1 tablespoon water until easy to spread. Frost cooled cake in pan. If desired you can add 1/2 cup strawberry slices, fresh or frozen (drained) to the prepared frosting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9 inch square pan. Sift together the flour, 1 cup of the sugar, 1/4 cup of the cocoa, the soda, and the salt. Stir in the vinegar, oil, water, and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Beat until smooth. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes. Let cake cool. Then spread chocolate icing over top. To Make Chocolate Icing: Combine 1 cup of the sugar, 1/4 cup of the cocoa, the milk, and the butter or margarine. Boil for 1 minute. Stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla and continue stirring until partially cool. Spread over cake. 
Prepare yellow cake mix according to package directions. Mash the bananas with the baking soda and stir into the cake mix batter. Pour batter into one greased and floured 9x13 inch baking pan. Do not preheat oven. Place uncooked cake in oven and turn oven on to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake for 1 hour. Let cake cool thoroughly and then refrigerate. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease two 9 inch round layer cake pans. Separate eggs reserve 2 of the egg whites for the frosting. Cream shortening, add 1 1/2 cups of the sugar, beaten egg yolks, and 1 egg white; continue beating until well combined. Sift flour with baking powder and salt, mix with coconut and add alternately with milk and the almond extract to the shortening mixture. Pour batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes. Let cakes cool then remove from pans. Ice with Angel icing and sprinkle with shredded coconut on top and sides of cake after icing. To Make Angel Icing: Place the 2 egg whites, 3/4 cup white sugar, corn syrup, water, cream of tartar and salt in a double boiler over hard boiling water. Start beating right away with a beater until the mixture stands in stiff peaks. Remove from heat and add vanilla or your choice of flavoring and keep beating until it is thick enough to spread easily. Spread over cooled cake. 
Combine the egg whites, sugar, corn syrup, water, cream of tartar, and salt in the top of a double boiler over water that is at a hard boil. Start beating right away with a beater until the mixture stands in stiff peaks. Remove from heat and add vanilla or your favorite flavoring and keep beating until it is thick enough to spread easily. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease two 9 inch layer cake pans. Cream the shortening, add the sugar gradually. Sift the flour, baking powder, cream of tartar, and salt. Add the flour mixture alternately with the milk to the creamed mixture. Beat the egg whites until stiff peaks are formed. Fold the beaten egg whites and the vanilla into the cake batter. Pour batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes. 
Combine cherries, almonds, and 1/2 cup flour in a bowl; mix until fruit is well coated. In another bowl, combine 1 3/4 cups flour, baking powder, and salt. Stir well to blend. Cream butter or margarine, sugar, and flavorings together until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, beating for one minute with mixer on high speed after each addition. Add flour mixture to creamed mixture alternately with milk, starting and ending with flour mixture. Stir in floured fruits and nuts. Spread batter into greased and floured bundt or tube pan. Bake at 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) for 55 to 65 minutes, or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool cake in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto wire rack to cool completely. Wrap cooled cake in aluminum foil, and store in cool place for several days to allow cake to ripen. 
In a small bowl, beat together cream cheese, 1/4 cup sugar, 1 egg, and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla until smooth. In a separate bowl, combine flour, 1 1/3 cup sugar, baking powder, soda, salt, milk, shortening, 1 egg, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, and 3 squares melted unsweetened chocolate in large mixing bowl. Beat for 1/2 minute with an electric mixer on low speed. Beat 2 minutes on medium speed. Grease a 9 inch square pan. Pour half of the batter into the pan. Spread cream cheese mixture evenly over the batter, and top with remaining cake batter to cover completely. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 to 55 minutes, or until cake tester inserted in center comes out clean. Cool. Melt 3 squares semisweet chocolate with butter, water, and oil; blend until smooth. Spread evenly over cooled cake. 
Combine flour, baking powder, and salt. Stir well to blend. In a large bowl, cream shortening, white sugar, eggs, and vanilla together; beat until light and fluffy. Add flour mixture to creamed mixture alternately with milk, making 3 dry and 2 liquid additions; combine lightly after each. Spread batter evenly into 2 greased and floured 8 inch round layer cake pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes, or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool cake in pan 10 minutes, then turn out on wire rack to cool completely. Cream butter or margarine. Gradually blend in confectioners' sugar, cream, and lemon juice. Beat until light and creamy. Fill and frost the cake. Decorate top with a ring of well drained mandarin orange segments around outside edge. Fill center with well drained crushed pineapple. Decorate center with a few additional orange sections. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9-inch round pans, and line them with wax paper or parchment. Sift flour with baking soda. Dissolve 1/3 cup instant coffee in the water. In a large bowl, beat white sugar, 3 eggs, and vanilla until light and fluffy. Blend in mayonnaise and the melted chocolate. Add flour mixture alternately with the coffee to the batter, one-third at a time; mix with electric mixer on low speed after each addition. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake in preheated oven until cake tester inserted in center comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Cool cake in pans for 10 minutes. Remove, and cool completely on wire racks. Melt 4 squares chocolate with milk and 2 tablespoons instant coffee in a double boiler; blend until smooth. Pour hot chocolate mixture into the beaten egg, whisking constantly. Allow to cool. In a mixing bowl, cream butter and confectioners' sugar until light and fluffy. Add chocolate mixture to butter mixture, and blend frosting well. When layers have cooled, cut each horizontally to make 4 layers. Fill and frost the cake with the frosting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease thoroughly an 8 inch square cake pan. Combine cornmeal and milk. Sift flour, baking powder, and salt. Stir together the egg and milk. Cream shortening, and blend in sugar. Stir flour mixture and egg mixture alternately into creamed mixture alternately. Blend in cornmeal mixture. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes. Serve hot, with maple syrup. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8 inch round cake layer pans. Sift together into a bowl; cake flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, ginger, cinnamon, cloves, and nutmeg. Add the shortening, brown sugar, maple syrup, and 2/3 cup sour cream. Beat for 2 minutes with an electric mixer set at medium speed. Beat in the eggs and 1/3 cup sour cream and mix for another 2 minutes. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes, or until cake springs back lightly when touched. Cool for 5 minutes, then remove from pans and continue cooling. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10-inch Bundt or tube pan. Beat 1 cup butter, cream cheese, 1 cup sugar, and 1/2 cup dark brown sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until light and fluffy. The mixture should be noticeably lighter in color. Add the room-temperature eggs one at a time, allowing each egg to blend into the butter mixture before adding the next. Mix in 1 teaspoon vanilla and 1/4 cup bourbon. Sift together flour, 6 tablespoons cocoa powder, baking powder, and salt and set aside. Prepare the filling: combine 1/4 cup butter, 1/4 cup cocoa powder, 3/4 cup brown sugar in a food processor and pulse to combine. Transfer to a bowl and mix in pecan pieces and 1 tablespoon bourbon; set aside. Gradually add flour mixture to cake batter; beat on medium speed about 3 minutes. Spread half of the batter in bottom of the prepared pan and place teaspoonfuls of pecan filling around the center of batter. Cover with the remaining batter. Bake in preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the cake comes out clean, 55 to 70 minutes. Let cool on wire rack for about 20 minutes. Invert cake onto a serving plate and allow it to cool completely before glazing. For the glaze: sift 1/4 cup cocoa powder with 1 cup confectioners' sugar. Mix in 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 tablespoon of butter, and 4 tablespoons hot water; add 1 to 2 more tablespoons water until desired consistency is reached. Spoon glaze over top of cooled cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9-inch tube pan. Sift together flour and salt; set aside. Beat butter in a mixing bowl until light and fluffy; it should be noticeably lighter in color. In a separate bowl, beat sugar and eggs together until doubled in volume. Mixture should be thick and lemon-colored. Add sifted flour and salt gradually to the egg mixture, mixing until fully combined. Fold in creamed butter and mix thoroughly. Divide batter into two equal parts. Into one part, add the almond extract and the ground almonds. To the other part, add the rosewater and the red food coloring. Spoon batters alternately into the prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven until a cake tester comes out clean, 50 to 60 minutes. Let cake cool for 15 minutes; then remove from pan to cool completely. Dust with confectioner's sugar before serving. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 8-inch round cake pans. Beat egg whites in mixing bowl until medium-stiff peaks form; set aside. Sift together flour and cocoa powder; whisk in ground pecans and set aside. In a separate bowl, beat egg yolks; mix in 2/3 cup sugar, vanilla, and 1/2 teaspoon instant coffee granules and beat well. Fold yolk mixture into egg whites. Gently fold in flour, cocoa, and pecan mixture. Spread batter into prepared pans. Bake in preheated oven until cake springs back when lightly touched with a finger and a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Let cakes cool slightly, then remove from pans to cool completely on wire racks. To Make Mocha Cream: Dissolve 1 tablespoon coffee granules in boiling water. Cool. Beat whipping cream and 2 tablespoons of sugar together in a cold mixing bowl until stiff. Mix in cooled coffee. Fill and frost cake with Mocha Cream and garnish with pecan halves. Keep refrigerated until ready to serve. 
Beat whipping cream and sugar together in mixing bowl until stiff. Dissolve coffee granules in boiling water. Cool. Add to whipped cream and beat in. Makes enough to frost and fill one 8 or 9 inch 2 layer cake. Keep Mocha Cream refrigerated. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, stir together the graham cracker crumbs, 1/2 cup finely chopped pecans, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon and melted butter; press into the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan. Bake in preheated oven for 10 minutes. In a large bowl, combine cream cheese and 1/2 cup sugar. Mix at medium speed until smooth. Beat in eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Blend in vanilla; pour filling into the baked crust. In a small bowl, stir together 1/3 cup sugar and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon. Toss the cinnamon-sugar with the apples to coat. Spoon apple mixture over cream cheese layer and sprinkle with 1/4 cup chopped pecans. Bake in preheated oven for 60 to 70 minutes. With a knife, loosen cake from rim of pan. Let cool, then remove the rim of pan. Chill cake before serving. 
Combine the sugar, water, shortening, raisins, spices, and salt in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat, and stir while cooking for 3 minutes. Cool. Measure flour, soda, and baking powder, and sift together. Gradually stir dry ingredients into raisin mixture. Beat well. If an almond cake is desired, stir in almond extract and almonds. Pour batter into a greased 8 x 4 inch loaf pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for about 1 hour. 
Line two 9 inch round pans with parchment paper. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Measure sifted flour, baking powder, and salt; sift together three times. Cream butter or margarine and lemon rind together. Gradually add sugar, creaming until light and fluffy. Add egg yolks one at a time, beating thoroughly after each addition. Add sifted ingredients alternately with milk to the creamed mixture, a small amount at a time; beat after each addition until smooth. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes. Cool on wire racks. 
Measure sifted cake flour, baking powder, and salt; sift together three times. In a mixing bowl, beat egg whites until foamy. Add 1/2 cup sugar gradually, and continue beating only until meringue will hold up in soft peaks. Beat butter until smooth. Gradually add remaining 1 cup sugar, and cream together until light and fluffy. Add sifted ingredients alternately with milk a small amount at a time, beating after each addition until smooth. Mix in flavorings. Add meringue, and mix thoroughly into batter. Spread batter in a 15 x 10 x 1 inch pan which has been lined on the bottom with parchment paper. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes. Cool cake in pan 10 minutes, then remove from pan and transfer to a wire rack to finish cooling. This cake may also be baked in two 9 inch round pans for 30 to 35 minutes, or in three 8 inch round pans for 25 to 30 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Cream the cream cheese, butter or margarine, sugar, and vanilla together until smooth. Beat in eggs one at a time. Sift together 2 1/4 cup flour, baking powder, and salt; fold into cream cheese mixture. Dredge cherries in 1/4 cup flour, and fold into batter. Sprinkle pecans over the bottom of an ungreased 10 inch angel food tube pan. Bottom should be completely covered. Add a few more pecans if necessary. Spoon batter into pan on top of nuts. Bake for about 75 minutes, or until an inserted wooden pick comes out clean. Allow cake to cool in pan. Run knife around outside edge and center tube. Ease cake out of pan, and onto plate. 
Preheat oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Grease four 9 x 5 x 3 inch loaf pans, and then line with brown paper or foil. Grease again. In a large container stir raisins, currants, candied fruit mix, candied cherries, maraschino cherries, dates, and 1 cup flour together until all the fruit is well coated with flour. Measure 2 1/4 cup flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cocoa, cinnamon, and nutmeg into a medium bowl. Stir to mix. In a very large bowl, cream the butter or margarine with the sugar. Beat in egg yolks three at a time. Stir in pineapple with juice and vanilla. Add flour mixture in 3 parts alternately with fruit juice in 2 parts to the creamed mixture, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Stir in walnuts. In another bowl, beat egg whites until stiff. Fold egg whites into batter, and stir in fruit gently. Divide batter among pans. Smooth. Bake for about 3 hours until an inserted wooden pick comes out clean. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease one 9 or 10 inch tube pan. Cream butter or margarine and sugar together. Add the beaten egg and mix well. Stir in the mashed cooked beans and the vanilla. Sift the flour, baking soda, salt, ground cinnamon, ground cloves, and ground allspice together. Add the chopped pecans, golden raisins, and the diced apples to the flour mixture. Stir to coat. Pour flour mixture into the creamed mixture and stir until just combined. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 45 minutes. Dribble with a simple confectioner's sugar icing and garnish with candied cherries and pecan halves, if desired. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Grease one 9x5 inch loaf pan. Sift the flour, white sugar, baking powder, and salt together. Mix in the nuts, dates, and cherries. Beat the eggs until foamy, add the vanilla and the flour mixture. Stir until just combined and pour into the prepared pan. Bake at 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) for 1 hour and 45 minutes. Store in the refrigerator, wrapped in foil. 
Spread pineapple in a 9 x 13 inch pan. Sprinkle a layer of angel flake coconut on top of the pineapple, and then a layer of dry pudding mix. Spread the cherry pie filling evenly over pudding mix, and sprinkle dry cake mix over pie filling. Cut butter into thin slices, and arrange on top of cake mix Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for one hour. Cool. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees). Grease and flour two 8 inch round pans or one 9 x 13 inch pan. In a large bowl, blend cake mix with the water, eggs, and oil. Beat with an electric mixer at medium speed for 4 minutes. Stir in 2 cups coconut and nuts. Pour into prepared pans. Bake for 35 minutes, or until done. Cool completely. Melt 2 tablespoons butter or margarine in a skillet. Add 2 cups coconut, and stir constantly over low heat until golden brown. Spread toasted coconut on absorbent paper towel to cool. Cream 2 tablespoons butter or margarine with softened cream cheese. Add milk and sugar alternately, beating well. Add vanilla, and stir in 1 3/4 cups of the toasted coconut. Ice the cake, and sprinkle with remaining coconut. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8 inch round pans. In large bowl, blend cake mix, oil, water, undrained pineapple, eggs, and nuts. Beat for 2 minutes with an electric mixer at medium speed. Spread batter into prepared pans. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool. Frost with cream cheese frosting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a large bundt pan. Combine the cake mix, pudding mix, water, oil, and eggs together. Mix with an electric mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes. Pour batter into bundt pan. Bake for 30 minutes, or until knife inserted in cake comes out clean. Combine the butter or margarine, sugar, and orange juice in a saucepan. Boil this mixture for about 2 minutes. While still warm, poke holes in the top of the cake with a fork. Pour orange juice mixture over cake. When the cake is saturated place it on a plate, and dust top with confectioners' sugar. 
Cream 1 1/2 c sugar with the eggs. Add fruit cocktail (including liquid). Add the flour and baking soda--mixing well with beater. Pour into a greased and floured 9 inch round cake pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) about 15-20 minutes. Usually bakes best in thick aluminum cake pans. To Make Frosting: Mix well the cup of sugar, canned milk and stick of margarine. Cook slowly till mixture blends. Cook about 2 minutes more; remove from heat. Add vanilla, chopped nuts and coconut. Stir mixture until thick. Spread on cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan. In a small bowl, mix together brownie mix, 1 egg and water. Spread into the greased pan. Bake for 25 minutes. Melt the caramels with the evaporated milk over low heat in a heavy saucepan. Stir often, and heat until mixture has a smooth consistency. Reserve 1/3 cup of this caramel mixture, and pour the remainder over the warm, baked brownie crust. In a large bowl, beat the cream cheese, sugar and vanilla with an electric mixer until smooth. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Pour cream cheese mixture over caramel mixture. Bake cheesecake for 40 minutes. Chill in pan. When cake is thoroughly chilled, loosen by running a knife around the edge, and then remove the rim of the pan. Heat reserved caramel mixture, and spoon over cheesecake. Drizzle with the chocolate topping. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, mix together the cookie crumbs and melted butter. Press into the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan. In a heavy saucepan over low heat, melt the caramels with the evaporated milk. Heat and stir frequently until smooth. Pour caramel sauce into crust, and top with pecans. In a large bowl, combine cream cheese, sugar and vanilla; beat well until smooth. Add eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Melt the chocolate, and blend into cream cheese mixture. Pour chocolate batter over pecans. Bake in preheated oven for 40 to 50 minutes, or until filling is set. Loosen cake from the edges of pan, but do not remove rim until cooled to prevent the top from cracking. Chill in refrigerator for 4 hours, or overnight. 
Melt the butter or margarine, and combine with the cookie crumbs. Press mixture into bottom of 9 inch springform pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 10 minutes. In a small saucepan, soften gelatin in water; stir over low heat until dissolved. In a large bowl, combine cream cheese, sugar, cocoa, and vanilla; blend with an electric mixer on medium speed. Gradually add gelatin mixture, and blend. Fold in whipped cream, 2 cups marshmallows, and nuts; pour onto crust. Chill until firm. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch bundt pan. Combine cake mix, pudding mix, eggs, water, and oil in a large bowl. Beat at medium speed for 2 minutes. Pour into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 to 60 minutes. Let cake cool in pan for 10 minutes then remove from pan and let cool completely. Sprinkle with confectioner's sugar or frost with lemon frosting, if desired. 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), or to the temperature recommended on the cake mix package. Prepare chocolate cake mix according to package directions, but do not bake. In separate bowl cream together cream cheese and sugar until smooth. Beat in the egg until well blended, then stir in chocolate chips. Line cupcake tins with cupcake papers. Fill 2/3 full with chocolate cake batter. Add 1 teaspoon cream cheese mixture to the center, and top with more cake batter. Bake according to package directions for cupcakes. Cool and frost with chocolate or cream cheese frosting. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Grease and line with parchment paper one 9x5 inch loaf pan. Cream butter or margarine and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add beaten eggs and orange juice and mix well. Sift flour and baking powder. Reserve 1/3 cup of flour mixture and toss with raisins and cherries (this will keep them from sinking to the bottom of the cake). Add flour mixture to batter and blend. Add floured raisins and cherries to dough and mix until just combined. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) for 2-1/2 hours. Don't serve until several days old. Wrap the cake in plastic wrap or foil and store in a sealed tin. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9x12 inch cake pan. Cover the bottom of the cake pan with the chopped nuts and the flaked coconut. Prepare cake mix according to package directions. Pour batter over chopped nuts and coconut. Melt butter or margarine, add cream cheese and confectioner's sugar. Stir until blended. Spoon over unbaked batter. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 to 42 minutes. Please note: you cannot test for doneness, as the cake will appear sticky even when it is done. The icing sinks into the batter as it bakes, forming the white ribbon inside. Makes 16 servings. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9 or 10 inch tube pan. Boil water add rum and raisins. Melt butter and beat egg. Add to the raisin mixture. Sift flour, baking soda, cocoa, and sugar together. Stir into raisin mixture. Add chopped pecans and stir until just combined. If batter is too thick add a little more water. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 to 50 minutes. Let cake cool in the pan for 10 minutes then turn out onto a serving dish. Serve cake hot with custard or top cooled cake with whipped cream. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9 or 10 inch tube pan. Cream shortening until light and fluffy. Add sugar gradually. Blend in eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add vanilla to the evaporated milk. Alternately add flour mixture and liquid ingredients to cream mixture. Blend in mashed bananas and chopped nuts. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 45 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease one 9 or 10 inch tube pan. Mix together the flour, baking soda, and salt. Set aside. In a large bowl, beat butter with sugar. Mix in the eggs, one at time, beating well after each addition. Stir in the lemon and the vanilla extracts. Gently mix in flour mixture alternately with the buttermilk. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 90 minutes. Do not open oven door until after one hour. When cake begins to pull away from the side of the pan it is done. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Line one 15 1/2 x 10 1/2 inch jelly roll pan with parchment paper and grease and flour lightly. Separate the eggs. Beat the whites with the cream of tartar until stiff. Gradually beat in 1/2 cup of the sugar. Sift the remaining sugar, cocoa, and flour together. Beat the egg yolks until thick and fold the flour mixture into them. Stir in vanilla. (The egg yolk mixture will be very stiff). Carefully fold the egg yolk mixture into the beaten egg whites. Evenly spread the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 20 minutes. Let cake cool for 5 minutes. Turn cake onto a towel sprinkled with confectioner's sugar, peel off parchment paper and roll cake up with the towel. Let cake cool completely. Unroll cake and spread with the whipped cream. Roll again. Serve with Foamy Butter Sauce or Fudge Sauce. For variation, you can add 2 tablespoons of rum or your favorite liqueur to the whipped cream. Serves 8. 
Melt butter and chocolate in medium saucepan. Add boiling water. Bring mixture to boil. Add sugar and corn syrup. Boil, stirring, for 5 minutes. Add vanilla and stir. Serve just warm over the chocolate roll. 
Combine all ingredients in the top of a double boiler. Cook, stirring until it forms a smooth sauce. Serve warm over chocolate roll. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and line with parchment paper one 10 inch tube pan. Cream butter or margarine, sugar, and eggs together; add salt, baking soda, crushed pineapple, and pineapple juice. Add coconut, walnuts, and vanilla. Mix in the graham cracker crumbs. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour and 30 minutes. 
Line bottom and sides of an 8 inch springform pan with split ladyfingers. Combine 1 cup orange juice and sugar in saucepan; heat until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat. Soften gelatin in 1 cup orange juice then stir in hot juice. Add remaining orange juice, lemon juice and salt. Chill until slightly thickened. Whip the cream until stiff and fold into the gelatin mixture. Fold in orange sections and spoon into the prepared pan. Chill for at least 4 hours. Remove sides of pan and place on a serving plate. Garnish with fresh strawberries. 
Soften ice cream. Crush cookies by placing them in a large zip lock bag and rolling over them with a rolling pin. Mix softened ice cream and crushed cookies together. Fold in the whipped topping and pour into one 9x13 inch glass pan. Freeze for 2 hours then serve. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease muffin pans. Prepare cake mix according to package directions. Combine cream cheese and sugar, cream until light and fluffy. Add egg and salt, beating well. Spoon batter into greased muffin pans filling 2/3 full. Drop a few semisweet chocolate morsels in the center and spoon 1 teaspoon of the cream cheese mixture on top of the chocolate morsels. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 minutes. Let cupcakes cool before serving. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Combine raisins and water in a microwave safe bowl, cover and microwave on high for 3 minutes. Let stand for 20 minutes then drain. Melt the butter or margarine. Combine cookie crumbs, 1/4 cup of the white sugar, and the melted butter or margarine. Press the cookie crumb mixture into the bottom of one 9 inch springform pan. Set aside 1 cup of the raisins for the topping. Sprinkle the remaining raisins evenly over the crust. In a large bowl beat the cream cheese until light. Gradually beat in the remaining 2/3 cup of white sugar. Beat in the eggs and the vanilla. Pour cream cheese mixture over raisins and crust. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 55 minutes. Turn off oven and leave oven door ajar for 1 hour. Remove cake from oven and let cool completely. Cover and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight. To serve, combine remaining raisins and caramel or butterscotch topping. Spread over the top of the cake. Makes 12 servings. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch tube pan. Beat the vegetable oil with the white and brown sugars. Beat in the eggs one at a time. Stir in the grated carrots. Add the 2/12 cups flour, baking soda, baking powder, ground cinnamon, and salt. Stir until just moistened. Toss the raisins, candied cherries, candied mixed fruit, chopped dates, and the chopped walnuts with the remaining 1/2 cup flour. Stir to coat. Add fruit and nut mixture to the batter and stir until combined. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 1 1/2 hours. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease two 9 inch round pans. Combine sugar, flour, baking soda, water, mashed bananas, salt, and mayonnaise. Mix together, and pour into the cake pans. Bake cake about 45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Remove from oven, and cool on wire racks. In a mixing bowl, blend cream cheese and butter or margarine together. Gradually add sugar and vanilla, and mix well. Stir in nuts. Fill and frost the cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 inch layer cake pans. Sift together flour, baking powder, soda, and salt; set aside. In a large bowl, combine the shortening, sugar, eggs, and vanilla. Beat well. Blend in the buttermilk. Add sifted flour mixture alternately with mashed banana to the egg mixture while beating. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake cake for 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from pans, and cool on wire racks. Fill and frost the cake with whipped cream. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and lightly flour a bundt pan. In a large bowl, beat cake mix, pudding, and eggs until smooth. Mix brandy and flavorings in sour cream, and add to egg mixture. Beat at least 2 minutes with an electric mixer on medium speed. Pour batter into prepared pan Bake for 50 to 55 minutes, or until tester inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool cake in pan on wire rack for 20 minutes. Remove from pan, and continue cooling on wire rack. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 inch square cake pan. Sift the cake flour, 1 cup white sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together. Cream 1/3 cup of the butter or margarine. Stir in 3/8 cup buttermilk and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Blend in the flour mixture and beat with an electric mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes. Add the melted and cooled German sweet chocolate, eggs, and the remaining 3/8 cup buttermilk. Continue to beat at medium speed for another minute more. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 minutes. Cool in pan for 15 minutes then frost. To Make Frosting: Combine the coconut, brown sugar, cream, chopped nuts, 1/4 cup butter or margarine. Mix until of a spreadable consistency. Spread over top of baked cake. Broil 3 inches from heat until browned (about 3 minutes). Serve cake warm or cold. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease 3 - 9 inch round cake pans. In medium bowl, pour boiling water over cocoa, and whisk until smooth. Let mixture cool. Sift together flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt; set aside. In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs one at time, then stir in vanilla. Add the flour mixture alternately with the cocoa mixture. Spread batter evenly between the 3 prepared pans. Bake in preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes. Allow to cool. 
In a bowl, beat together the cream cheese, 3 tablespoons milk, confectioner's sugar, butter, vanilla, cocoa, and cinnamon to a spreadable consistency. Beat in additional milk if necessary. For a darker frosting add more cocoa or up to 4 ounces melted chocolate. Spread onto cooled cake. 
Mix cake mix and bake as directed for one 9x13 inch cake. In a saucepan combine 1/2 of the evaporated milk, and 1-1/2 cups of the sugar. Bring mixture to a rapid boil. Quickly remove from the heat and add marshmallows. Stir until melted. Stir in coconut. Pour mixture over the top of the baked cake. In a saucepan combine the remaining sugar and the remaining evaporated milk. Bring to a boil. Remove from heat and add butter and chocolate chips. Stir until melted. Mix in toasted almonds. Pour mixture over the top of the coconut topped cake. Chill for at least 2 hours before serving. Cake tastes best if baked the day before. 
Mix and bake cake mix as directed for two 8 or 9 inch layers. Let layers cool then split each one in half horizontally to make a total of 4 layers. In a saucepan over medium heat mix together the white sugar, butter or margarine, and 1/2 cup of the evaporated milk. Cook for 10 minutes. Stir in the marshmallows and mix until smooth. Stir in the coconut. Spread the filling between the cake layers. Mix together the cocoa, remaining 1/4 cup evaporated milk, the confectioner's sugar, and the vanilla. Beat until smooth and spread over top and sides of cake. 
Blend the confectioner's sugar, finely ground almonds, egg whites, salt ,and almond extract in a blender until perfectly blended. Chill covered 24 hours to harden. 
Blend the melted butter or margarine with the graham crackers and press into the bottom of one 9x12 inch pan. Blend the confectioner's sugar and the cream cheese together until smooth. Spread over the graham cracker crumb layer. Layer the crushed pineapple and the bananas over the cream cheese layer. Then spread the whipped topping over the top. Decorate with maraschino cherry halves. Drizzle chocolate syrup over the top and sprinkle with pecans. Chill for at least 4 hours then serve. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9x13 inch baking pan Mix apple pie filling with ground cinnamon to taste. Pour mixture into pan. Sprinkle apples and cinnamon mixture over top of apples. In a small saucepan melt the butter or margarine and pour evenly over the top of the cake. Sprinkle with additional cinnamon if desired. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 minutes or until golden brown. Serve hot with ice cream! 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9x13 inch pan. Combine the cake mix, 1 box of the instant pistachio pudding, the vegetable oil, club soda, eggs, and 1/2 cup of the chopped walnuts. Stir until just combined and pour into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes. Let cake cool then frost. To Make Frosting: Beat the milk into the remaining box of pistachio pudding. Prepare topping mix according to package directions. Fold into pudding mixture. Spread over top of cooled cake and sprinkle with walnuts and maraschino cherries. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a 10x15 inch jelly roll pan with parchment paper. Stir together the flour, cocoa, baking powder, and salt; set aside. In a large bowl, beat egg yolks until thick and pale yellow. Fold in flour mixture. In a large glass or metal mixing bowl, beat 4 egg whites until foamy. Gradually add white sugar, continuing to beat until stiff peaks form. beat in vanilla. Fold 1/3 of the whites into the batter, then quickly fold in remaining whites until no streaks remain. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 12 to 14 minutes, or until cake springs back when lightly tapped. Turn cake out onto a towel dusted with confectioners' sugar, and roll up until cool. To Make Frosting: In a small saucepan, stir together brown sugar and water. Cook, stirring constantly, until sugar spins a thread when dropped from a spoon. In a large bowl, beat together remaining 2 egg whites until foamy. Slowly pour brown sugar liquid into egg whites while beating. Beat until frosting forms stiff peaks. Unroll cake and apply frosting in an even layer. Roll cake back up and refrigerate. 
Grease and flour the bottoms of three 9 inch layer pans. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Melt 1/4 cup butter or margarine in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Add pecans, and brown for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Cream 1 cup butter or margarine in large mixing bowl. Gradually add 2 cups white sugar, and cream until light and fluffy with mixer on high speed. Blend in eggs one at a time, beating well on medium speed after each addition. Sift together flour, baking powder, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. At low speed add sifted ingredients alternately with milk and vanilla extract, beginning and ending with dry ingredients. Blend well after each addition. Stir in 1 1/3 cups of the toasted pecans. Pour batter into pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes, until cake is golden brown and springs back when lightly touched in center. To Make Frosting: Cream 1/4 cup butter in mixing bowl. Add 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/4 teaspoon salt, confectioners' sugar and cream. Beat until smooth and of spreading consistency. If necessary, thin with additional cream. Blend remaining 2/3 cup pecans into frosting. Fill and frost the cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease thoroughly a fluted 2 quart ring mold, and dust lightly with flour. Sift pastry flour, salt, and baking powder together. In a large bowl, cream shortening well. Gradually blend in 1 1/2 cups sugar, eggs, vanilla, and 3 tablespoons cognac; beat until light and fluffy. Gently blend sifted ingredients alternately with the milk and cream into the creamed mixture. Pour batter into ring mold. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes, or until cake springs back when lightly touched. Remove from pan, and allow to cool. In a clean, cold bowl, beat the 2 cups whipping cream until peaks form. Stir in 1/4 cup sugar and coffee powder. Frost the cake with whipped cream. When serving, drizzle cake with a few drops of cognac. 
In a large bowl, sift together flour, sugar, cocoa, baking powder, soda, and salt. Add oil, milk, vanilla, coffee, and eggs; beat well. Batter will be thin. Pour into two 9 inch greased and floured round pans. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 25 minutes, or when top springs back when done. Cool layers on wire racks. 
Combine butter or margarine, shortening, confectioners' sugar, flour, vanilla, and milk in a mixing bowl. Whip all ingredients until fluffy. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 inch round cake pans. In a large bowl, mix the cake mix, water, oil, and 3 egg whites with an electric mixer on high speed for 2 minutes. Gently stir in crushed cookies. Pour batter into the prepared pans. Bake for 25 to 35 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a knife inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Cool 10 minutes in pans. Remove from pans, and completely cool on racks. To Make Frosting: In a small bowl, thoroughly blend the 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar, shortening, vanilla, and 2 egg whites. Beat in remaining confectioners' sugar until creamy. Frost the cake, and garnish with remaining cookies. 
Heat marshmallows and cream over low heat, folding over and over until marshmallows are half melted. Remove from heat, and continue folding until mixture is smooth and fluffy. Cool. Add 3/4 cup graham cracker crumbs, fruit, nuts, orange rind and sherry to the marshmallows. Stir to combine. Sprinkle a buttered loaf pan with 1/4 cup graham cracker crumbs, then pour the marshmallow concoction over crumbs. Chill thoroughly. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Wash angel food tube pan in hot soapy water to ensure it is totally grease free. Let dry completely. Sift flour and 3/4 cup confectioners' sugar together three times; set aside. In mixing bowl, beat egg whites and salt on high speed until foamy. Add cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and almond flavoring; beat until soft peaks form. Peaks should be soft enough so they bend over slightly at the tips. Gradually add 1 cup white sugar, continuing to beat until stiff peaks form. Sift about 1/4 of the flour mixture over the egg whites, and using flat spatula, quickly but gently fold into egg whites. Repeat using 1/4 of the flour mixture each time. Pour batter into clean tube pan. Gently cut through batter with knife to remove air pockets. Bake for about 30 to 35 minutes, until an inserted wooden pick comes out clean. Invert pan onto a wire rack to cool for 1 hour. Beat 2 cups confectioners' sugar, butter, cream, and 1 teaspoon vanilla together until smooth. Add more cream or confectioners' sugar as needed. Frost the cooled cake. 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line the bottoms of two 9 inch round pans, or one 9 x 13 inch rectangular pan, with parchment paper. In a mixing bowl, stir shortening to soften. Sift in flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar. Add 3/4 cup of the milk and the flavorings, and mix until all flour is dampened. Beat well, with an electric mixer if possible. Add unbeaten egg whites and remaining milk, and beat well. Stir in nuts and cherries. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes. Cool completely. Fill and frost with Seven Minute Frosting, and decorate with additional maraschino cherry halves. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 inch round pans. In a large bowl, combine sugar and oil; beat well. Add eggs, carrots, and 1 teaspoon vanilla; beat mixture until smooth. Combine flour, salt, soda, and spices; add to creamed mixture, beating well. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake for 30 minutes, or until cake tests done. Cool in pans for 10 minutes, and then transfer layers to wire racks. To Make Cream Cheese Frosting: Combine cream cheese and butter or margarine, beating until light and fluffy. Add 1 tablespoon vanilla and confectioners' sugar; beat until smooth. Stir in chopped pecans. Fill and frost the cake with cream cheese frosting. Garnish with pecans, if desired. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour 2 - 8 inch round pans. In a small bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda and salt; set aside. In a large bowl, cream butter, white sugar and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs, one at a time. Mix in the bananas. Add flour mixture alternately with the buttermilk to the creamed mixture. Stir in chopped walnuts. Pour batter into the prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Remove from oven, and place on a damp tea towel to cool. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease a tube pan. In a large bowl, mix dry cake mix and gelatin. Add apricot nectar and oil, mixing well. Beat in eggs, one at a time. Stir in vanilla and lemon flavoring. Pour batter into greased tube pan. Bake for 55 minutes. Cool. Mix lemon juice and confectioners' sugar. Pour glaze over cooled cake. Dust with powered sugar. 
Mix cake mix, oil, eggs, soda drink, and 1 package pudding well, about 5 minutes. Fold in coconut and nuts. Pour into greased and floured 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes. Cool. To Make Icing: Combine dream whip, milk, and 1 package pudding. Beat until thick. Spread over cake. Sprinkle nuts and coconut on top. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place a pan of water on the bottom of the oven. Crush the package of ladyfingers to fine crumbs. Mix the melted butter into the crumbs. Moisten with 2 tablespoons of the coffee liqueur. Press into an 8-inch springform pan. In a large bowl, mix cream cheese, mascarpone, and sugar until very smooth. Add 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur, and mix. Add the eggs and the flour; mix slowly just until smooth. Pour batter over crust in the springform pan. Place pan on middle rack of oven. Bake until just set, 40 to 45 minutes. Open oven door, and turn off the heat. Leave cake to cool in oven for 20 minutes. Remove from oven, and let it finish cooling, about 30 minutes. Refrigerate for at least 3 hours, or overnight. Grate semisweet chocolate over the top right before serving. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a tube pan. Sift together flour, cinnamon, salt, baking powder, and baking soda on to a piece of waxed paper. In a large bowl, beat eggs and sugar until light colored. Mix in oil. Add sifted ingredients to egg mixture, and beat for 2 minutes. Stir in pineapple, chopped nuts, vanilla, and zucchini. Mix thoroughly. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 80 minutes, or until tester inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Cool for 30 minutes. To Make Glaze: In a small bowl, combine the confectioners' sugar and the milk. When cake has cooled, pour glaze over cake. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9 x 13 inch pan. In a large bowl, cream sugar and shortening. Add beaten eggs, and mix well. Stir in salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves. Mix in flour and baking powder, and then raisins and nuts. Mix tomato soup and baking soda together; beat into first mixture. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes. Cool. Beat cream cheese and confectioners sugar together until smooth. Frost the cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9 X 13 inch pan. In a large bowl, blend the sugar with the eggs. Add the oil, and mix well. Mix in flour, spices, salt, and baking soda. Stir in the nuts and the apples, carrots, or zucchini. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 40 minutes. Serve warm or cooled. 
Mix cake as directed on box. Spread nuts and then coconut on the bottom of a greased 9 x 13 inch pan. Pour cake batter over coconut. Combine cream cheese and butter or margarine in a saucepan. Heat over low heat until melted. Stir in confectioners' sugar, and spoon over batter. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 inch round cake pans. Cream the sugar and the shortening together until light. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each one. Sift the flour, salt, baking soda, and baking powder together. Set aside. Mix coffee and cocoa together until smooth. Add alternately with the flour mixture to the creamed mixture. Beat for 2 minutes then pour batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes. Frost when cooled. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 10-inch tube pan. Sift the flour, baking soda, and salt together. Set mixture aside. In a large bowl, beat the egg whites until soft peaks form. Gradually add 1/2 cup of the sugar, beating until stiff glossy peaks form. Set aside. Beat butter and remaining 1 1/2 cups sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer until fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. The mixture should be noticeably lighter in color. Blend in egg yolks, lemon zest, and lemon juice. Add flour mixture alternately with the yogurt, mixing until combined. Gently fold in the egg whites and pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven until a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, 50 to 60 minutes. Let cake cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a rack to finish cooling. Serves 12. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour three 8 inch round cake pans. Prepare cake mix according to package directions. Pour batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes. Let cake cool slightly then pierce cakes with a fork. Pour the coffee liqueur gradually over the three cake layers. Prepare the chocolate mousse according to the package directions. Let chill in the refrigerator. Once cake is cool break it into pieces. Layer cake pieces, chocolate mousse, crushed butter toffee candy bars, and whipped topping 1/3 at a time in a large glass bowl. Grate the chocolate candy bar over the top. Let chill in refrigerator for several hours before serving. 
Bake cake according to package directions for one 9x13 inch cake. When cake is cool poke holes in the top and pour the coffee liqueur over it. Break up the cake into 1 inch cubes and set aside. Mix the pudding mixes with the milk until thick. In a large punch bowl layer 1/2 of the cake cubes, 1/2 of the pudding, 1/2 of the crushed candy bars, and 1/2 of the whipped topping. Repeat layers following the same order. Sprinkle top toasted almonds and any additional crushed butter toffee candy bars, if desired. Cover and refrigerate for several hours before serving. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10 inch Bundt pan. In a large bowl, combine cake mix, eggs, instant vanilla pudding, water, oil, almond extract, and 2 tablespoons of the amaretto; blend together well. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 40 to 45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of cake comes out clean. Remove cake from oven and while it is still warm, poke holes in the surface. Drizzle with the Amaretto Glaze, insuring that some of the glaze fills the holes. Let the cake cool for at least 2 hours before removing from the pan. To make Amaretto Glaze: Sift the confectioners' sugar, and combine it with the remaining 1/2 cup amaretto. Blend until smooth. You may add more amaretto as needed. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9x13 inch cake pan. Mix together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, ground cinnamon. Stir in the white sugar. Add the oil and the eggs and mix well. Stir in the carrots, pineapple, chopped nuts, and the coconut. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 15 1/2 x 10 1/2 x 1 inch jelly roll pan. Combine the cake mix, eggs, and butterscotch pudding. Spread the batter into the prepared pan and sprinkle with the butterscotch chips, white sugar, and slivered almonds. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 minutes. Enjoy! 
Heat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 2 1/2 to 3-quart ovenproof bowl. Place sugar in a bowl and stir in black food color until desired color is achieved. Set aside. Prepare cake batter according to package directions. Pour batter into the prepared bowl and bake until a skewer inserted in the center comes out clean, about 1 hour and 15 minutes. Let cake cool for 15 minutes in the bowl then invert and let cake cool completely. Once cake is completely cool, trim flat side of cake and place on a cake board. Trim edges into a ball shape. Frost with the white frosting. Next, using a toothpick, draw a pentagon in the center top of the cake. Surround the pentagon with five hexagons. Repeating to cover entire cake. Cover lines with black licorice cut into 1 1/2 inch pieces. Fill the pentagon shapes with black-colored white sugar. 
Combine the butter, lemon juice, vanilla, and confectioner's sugar and beat until light and fluffy. Add more confectioner's sugar, or lemon juice to adjust the consistency as needed. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Grease and flour three round tube pans, one 10 inch, one 8 inch, and one 5 inch. Sift the flour, baking soda, ground mace, and 2 1/4 cups of the sugar into a large bowl. Using your hands, rub in the butter into the flour mixture. Separate the eggs. Add the lemon juice and the vanilla to the egg yolks and beat well. Add the egg yolk mixture a little at a time to the flour mixture using your hands to combine the ingredients. In a large bowl whip the egg whites with the salt and the cream of tartar until stiff. Gradually beat in the remaining 2 1/4 cups of the sugar till the whites are very stiff and glossy. Fold in the beaten egg whites into the batter in four portions, folding in very gently with your hands until no white lumps are visible. Spoon batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) for 2 1/2 hours for the 10 inch pan, 2 1/4 hours for the 8 inch pan, and 1 1/2 hours for the 5 inch pan. Cakes are done when they shrink from the sides of the pans. Remove the 5 inch cake from the oven and let stand in pan for one hour before turning out. When the 8 inch cake is done turn off the oven and let it stand for 1/2 hour more in oven, remove it then 15 minutes later remove the 10 inch cake. Let the 8 and 10 inch cakes stand on cooling rack for 1/2 hour before turning out. Allow cakes to cool overnight before frosting. If the cake tiers are to be separated by pillars, the holes left by the tube pans may be covered by rounds of cardboard before they are iced. Use Decorator Frosting and decorate as desired. 
Slice prepared Angel Food cake in half horizontally. Spread softened strawberry ice cream on bottom layer. Put top layer on top the ice cream. Freeze cake for 45 minutes to an hour. Mix cream cheese and confectioner's sugar until light and fluffy. About 15 minutes before serving, remove cake from freezer and spread the cream cheese mixture over top and sides. Garnish with fresh strawberries. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 8x8 inch square pan. Cream the butter or margarine add the sugar and continue creaming until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs one at a time. Stir in the maple flavoring. Combine the flour, baking powder, and salt. Add the flour mixture in 3 parts alternately with the milk to the butter mixture, beginning and ending with flour. Stir in the walnuts and pour in the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 to 45 minutes or until an toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Let cake cool then frost with Maple Butter Icing. 
Beat the butter or margarine, confectioner's sugar, milk, and maple flavoring in a bowl until smooth. Add more milk or confectioner's sugar as need. Makes enough to frost one 8 or 9 inch round cake or 1 8x8 inch square cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Sift the flour, white sugar, baking soda, salt and 6 tablespoons of the cocoa into a 9 x 13 inch baking pan. Drizzle melted margarine and the vinegar over the flour mixture. Add the vanilla and cold water and stir well to remove lumps. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 minutes. Spread with chocolate frosting. To Make Chocolate Frosting: Combine the confectioner's sugar, 6 tablespoons water, 3 tablespoons cocoa, and 1/2 cup of the margarine. Heat until melted and stir until smooth add vanilla and nuts if desired, and spread over cake. 
In a bowl combine the egg whites, corn syrup, and vanilla beat on high speed of an electric mixer for about 6 to 7 minutes. The longer you beat it the stiffer it gets. So if you like a stiff frosting continue beating a little longer. 
Prepare and bake marble cake as directed on the box. Poke holes in the cooled cake with a fork. Dissolve the strawberry gelatin in 1 cup boiling water. Pour the gelatin over the cake, and refrigerate for 2 1/2 hours. Combine whipped topping, vanilla pudding, milk, and vanilla in a mixing bowl. Mix with an electric mixer on high speed for 3 to 5 minutes, until frosting is thick enough for spreading. Frost the cake, and serve. Store any leftovers in the refrigerator. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a 9 inch springform pan, and sprinkle with dry breadcrumbs. Stir together the egg and sugar. Melt butter or margarine, and stir into mix. Add flour; mix until smooth, but not fluffy. Spread the batter into the prepared pan. Sprinkle flaked almonds on top. Bake for 25 minutes. Allow cake to cool slightly before removing from the pan. Cool completely on a wire rack. This cake keeps very well for up to a week in an airtight container or plastic bag. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10 inch tube pan. In a large bowl, cream 1 cup butter, shortening, brown sugar, and white sugar. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Sift together flour, baking powder, and salt, and add alternately with milk to the creamed mixture. Stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla and 1 cup black walnuts. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 80 to 90 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow to cool. In a mixing bowl, cream together cream cheese and 1/4 cup butter. Add confectioners' sugar, beat well. Stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla. Frost cooled cake, and sprinkle with 1/2 cup nuts. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and line with waxed paper two 8 inch cake pans. Drain and reserve syrup from pineapple. Add enough water to syrup to make 1/2 cup liquid. Place liquid in small saucepan, and mix in cornstarch. Cook and stir over medium heat until thickened, about 2 minutes; stir in reserved pineapple. Spoon filling into a small bowl. Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until chilled. Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt in a small bowl. In large bowl, cream the butter or margarine. Add 1/2 cup sugar, and beat until fluffy. Beat in egg yolks and vanilla. Add flour mixture alternately with milk in two parts, mixing after each addition. Spread batter into prepared pans. Sprinkle with all but 2 tablespoons macadamia nuts. In another bowl, beat egg whites until soft peaks form. Gradually add remaining 1/2 cup sugar, and beat until stiff peaks form. Spread egg whites evenly over batter. Bake for 35 minutes, or until tester inserted in the center of the layers comes out clean. Remove from oven; cool in pans on wire racks. Loosen edges with spatula and turn out of pans. Peel off waxed paper. Place one layer, cake side down, on plate. Spread with pineapple filling. Place second layer, meringue side down over filling. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9 x 13 pan. In a small bowl, pour boiling water over oats. Mix well, and cool. In a large bowl, combine butter or margarine, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup white sugar, eggs, flour, baking soda, spices, and salt. Add cooled oatmeal mixture, and stir to combine. Pour batter into pan. Bake for 35 minutes. While cake is baking, combine 1/2 cup white sugar, 1/4 cup brown sugar, coconut, melted butter or margarine, vanilla, and cream in a mixing bowl. Remove cake from oven, and turn on broiler. Drop mixture by small spoonfuls on top of cake. Spread evenly and carefully. Broil for 2 to 5 minutes, until topping is bubbling and lightly browned. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Line a tube pan with 2 layers of brown paper, and grease well. In a large bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. Mix in raisins, dates, cherries, pineapple, nuts, and coconut. Stir until all fruit is coated. In another large bowl, cream the butter or margarine with the white sugar. Add lemon rind, lemon juice, and eggs; mix well. Stir in fruit mixture. Spread batter into prepared pan. Bake for 2 hours. Cool. 
Combine the sugar, cocoa, and milk in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, and cook for 3 minutes. Stir in the vanilla and peanut butter. Mix well. Spread over hot cake while frosting is also still hot. Let frosted cake cool before cutting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray an 8 inch round cake pan with cooking spray. Combine raspberries and brown sugar in a bowl. Set aside. In a large bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Combine sour cream, butter or margarine, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and egg, and add to flour mixture. Stir just until moist. Spoon 2/3 of the batter into the prepared pan. Spread raspberry mixture evenly over the batter. Spoon remaining batter over raspberry mixture. Top with almonds. Bake for 40 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Let cool for 10 minutes on a wire rack. Combine confectioners' sugar, milk, and 1/4 teaspoon vanilla. Stir well. Drizzle glaze over cake. Serve warm or at room temperature. 
Combine strawberries and glaze in a small bowl. Slice Twinkies in half lengthwise, and place in a single layer over the bottom of a 9 x 13 inch dish. In a mixing bowl, beat cream cheese and condensed milk until smooth. Fold in whipped topping, and spread mixture over Twinkies. Spoon berries over cream cheese mixture. Cover and chill 30 minutes or more. Refrigerate leftovers. 
In a large bowl, combine cake mix, eggs, sour cream, 1 cup coffee liqueur, and vegetable oil. Using an electric mixer, beat at low speed to blend. Increase speed, and beat 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the chocolate chips. Pour batter into greased and floured 10 inch Bundt pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 55 to 60 minutes, or until tester inserted in center comes out clean. Cool cake in pan on rack for 30 minutes. Remove from pan, and cool completely. Microwave frosting 15 to 25 seconds, just until soft. Stir with spoon, and add 1 1/2 tablespoons coffee liqueur. Stir well. Drizzle frosting over cooled cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13 inch pan, or two 9 inch round pans. Cream together the shortening and sugar. Beat in the eggs. Add the flour, milk, and vanilla, and beat to a soft smooth batter. Bake 20 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until tester inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. 
Prepare yellow cake as directed, using a 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake until done, and remove from oven. Poke holes in the top of the cake using a fork. In a saucepan, combine pineapple with juices and sugar. Cook over medium heat until syrup thickens. Pour over top of warm cake, and cool. In another bowl, beat milk with pudding. Spread over the pineapple mixture. Beat whipping cream until soft peaks form, and then beat in confectioners' sugar and vanilla. Spread whipped cream over pudding. Sprinkle toasted coconut over the top of the cake. Refrigerate for several hours or overnight. 
In a mixing bowl, cream together the 1/2 cup butter or margarine, 1 cup peanut butter, and sugar. Beat in the eggs. Stir in the water and vanilla. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt, and dry milk. Mix in peanut butter mixture. Pour batter into a greased and floured 10 x 15 inch jelly roll pan Bake for 30 minutes at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cool. To Make Frosting: Cream together 1/4 cup butter or margarine and 3/4 cup peanut butter. Beat in confectioners' sugar. Milk may be added to thin the icing, if needed. Frost the cake. Cut into strips to serve. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Beat cold water and egg yolks together until mixture makes 1 quart--at least 10 minutes. Slowly add sugar and vanilla to egg yolk mixture, beating for at least 7 minutes more. Sift the cake flour, baking powder, and salt together. Fold into the egg yolk mixture. Beat egg whites until medium-stiff peaks form. Fold one third of the egg white mixture into the batter to lighten; fold in remaining egg whites. Pour batter into an ungreased tube pan. Bake in preheated oven until cake springs back when lightly touched with a fingertip, about 50 minutes. Turn upside down to cool in pan for 1 hour. Loosen sides and coax from pan. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) Combine the chopped fresh rhubarb, the white sugar, and the food coloring and set aside. Prepare the vanilla pudding mix according to the package directions. Pour the finished vanilla pudding into one ungreased 9 inch square baking dish. Spoon rhubarb mixture over the top of the vanilla pudding. Prepare the cake mix according to the package directions and pour evenly over the top the rhubarb and vanilla pudding. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 minutes or until cake tests done. Let cake sit in pan for 10 minutes then turn out onto a serving dish and dust with confectioner's sugar. Tastes best if served warm. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9-inch tube pan. Separate the eggs. In a small bowl, beat the egg whites until stiff peaks form, and set aside. In a large bowl, cream the butter and sugar. Beat in the egg yolks and the lemon zest. Stir together the flour and baking powder and then blend the flour mixture into the creamed mixture. Gently fold in the egg whites. Spread the batter evenly into the prepared pan. There will only be a little over an inch of batter. Arrange the plums, skin side down, attractively over the batter. Bake in preheated oven until a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Transfer to a cooling rack and allow to cool before serving. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 9 inch round cake pans. Make cake per directions except substitute the 1 1/2 cups of strawberries for the water and add 1 extra egg, (if cake mix calls for 2 eggs add 3), and 8 ounces of the cream cheese at room temperature. Beat well and pour into the prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown. A toothpick inserted in the center will not come out clean when this cake is done since it is so moist. Let cake cool fully before frosting. To Make Frosting: Heat the heavy cream until just beginning to boil. Pour it over the white chocolate (chopped) and the remaining 4 ounces cream cheese. Mix well and let cool. Once cool fold into the whipped topping. Use to frost cooled cake and garnish with sliced fresh strawberries. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter and flour two 8 inch round cake pans then line them with parchment paper. Sift the flour with the baking powder and salt and set aside. Cream the butter until fluffy. Add the sugar gradually and beat until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg yolks and add the vanilla. Add flour mixture to butter mixture, alternating with milk. Stir the batter until smooth. Pour the batter into the prepared cake pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes. This cake rises very well so only fill the cake pans 2/3 full. Cool cakes in pans for 10 minutes, then cool thoroughly on a wire rack. Frost as desired. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt mixing well. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture and add the vegetable oil, egg yolks, water, vanilla extract, and almond extract. Beat until smooth. In a large bowl beat the egg whites and the cream of tartar until stiff peaks form. Pour the egg yolk mixture gradually over the beaten egg whites and fold until just blended. Fold in the flaked coconut. Pour batter into an ungreased 10 inch tube pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 55 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and bake for 10 to 15 minutes longer. Top will spring back when touched lightly. Turn pan upside down until cake is cool before removing from pan. Remove cooled cake from pan and frost if desired. 
In a small saucepan mix the flour and the milk and cook over low heat until it forms a smooth paste with no lumps. Place in refrigerator and let cool completely. With an electric mixer beat the shortening, butter or margarine and the sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the cooled flour paste and mix until smooth. Stir in the vanilla. Use to frost any cooled cake. Makes enough to frost one 9x13 inch sheet cake or two 8 or 9 inch layer cakes. 
Cook sugar, corn syrup, and water in a saucepan over low heat, stirring constantly until sugar dissolves. Cover then cook for 2 to 3 minutes longer. Uncover and continue cooking to the firm ball stage 244 to 248 degrees F (118 to 120 degrees C). Remove from heat. Beat egg whites in a large mixing bowl with the vanilla extract, almond extract, and salt until stiff but not dry. Pour hot syrup in a slow, steady stream over beaten egg whites, beating constantly. Continue beating until frosting stands in peaks and begins to lose its gloss, about 10 minutes. If necessary, thin with a few drops of cream. 
Combine sugar and cornstarch in heavy saucepan add water and stir until heated, set aside. Beat egg yolks and add lemon juice, stir in small amount of sugar mixture to warm yolks. Combine yolk and sugar mixtures, add butter and return to heat. Bring to a rolling boil, stirring constantly until thickened. Mixture will resemble pudding. Cool slightly and spread on cooled cake. Makes enough to frost and fill one 8 inch four layer cake. 
Bake cake mix according to package directions for 2 layers, let cakes cool. Make pudding as per package directions and set aside to firm. Put one layer of cake in bottom of large punch bowl, spread with 1/2 of the vanilla pudding , then the entire can of fruit cocktail, 1/2 of the cherry pie filling, 1/2 of the coconut and 1/2 of the nuts, then 1/2 of the whipped topping. Place the second layer of cake in the bowl and spread with remainder of the vanilla pudding, the entire can of crushed pineapple, the remaining cherry pie filling, nuts, then coconut, top with the remaining 1/2 of the whipped topping. Garnish top with chopped nuts. Serve with a large spoon. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x9-inch square pan. Beat eggs in a small bowl until very thick. Add the sugar and the vanilla, beating well. Combine the flour, baking powder, and salt. Add the flour mixture in three parts, alternating with the whipping cream, mixing until combined. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean, 30 to 40 minutes. 
Combine cracker crumbs and melted butter or margarine thoroughly and press into bottom of 9x12 inch baking pan. Chill in freezer for at least 15 minutes. In the medium bowl of an electric mixer combine confectioners sugar, eggs, and softened butter or margarine; beat at medium speed for 20 minutes. (This step is important, so don't try to save time). Spread buttercream mixture evenly over chilled crust. Place bananas, cut side down, evenly on top of buttercream and spoon crushed pineapple evenly over top of bananas. Distribute strawberries over pineapple and spread the whipped topping evenly all over. Sprinkle with walnuts and refrigerate for at least 3 hours or overnight before serving. 
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 8x10 inch cake pan. In a bowl, cream the butter or margarine with the granulated sugar. Beat in the eggs, then the lemon rind and milk. In another bowl, stir together the whole wheat flour, all purpose flour, baking powder, and salt. Beat into the creamed mixture. Spread half the batter evenly into the prepared pan. Arrange the peach slices on top and sprinkle with the brown sugar combined with the ground cinnamon. Spread the remaining batter on top. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 minutes. Let cake cool on a rack. Because this cake is so moist, it is easiest to serve it directly from the baking pan. It should be stored in the refrigerator. Makes 16 servings. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place 1 tablespoon of the butter or margarine in a 9 inch round cake pan and place in oven to melt. Once the butter or margarine has melted remove the pan from the oven and stir the brown sugar into the melted butter or margarine. Spread to coat the bottom of the pan evenly. Arrange the peach slices in the pan and set aside. Separate the eggs. In a small bowl, beat the egg whites until stiff peaks form. Set aside. Cream the remaining 8 tablespoons of the butter or margarine with the white sugar. Beat in the egg yolks, then the milk and the vanilla extract. Stir the graham cracker crumbs, baking powder, and salt together. Beat the graham cracker mixture into the egg yolk mixture. Gently fold the beaten egg whites into the batter. Pour the batter into the prepared pan, over the top of the peaches. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 40 minutes. Remove cake from oven and immediately invert the cake upside down onto a large plate. Because this cake is so moist, it should be stored in the refrigerator. Makes about 8 servings. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 13x9 inch baking pan. Combine the chocolate cake mix, 1 of the eggs, and the butter or margarine and mix until smooth. Pat mixture into the prepared pan. Sprinkle the semi sweet chocolate chips and the chopped nuts evenly over the cake. Mix together the confectioner's sugar, cream cheese, and the remaining 2 eggs until well blended. Pour over the semi-sweet chocolate chips and the chopped nuts. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 40 minutes. Let cake cool a little before cutting. Serve warm or cooled. 
Mix all ingredients together well. Add more confectioner's sugar or orange juice to make the proper consistency for a barely pourable glaze. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9x13 inch baking pan. In a large bowl, cream the butter or margarine with the white sugar and the brown sugar. Beat in the egg, then the orange juice, vanilla, and grated orange rind. In another bowl, stir together the flour, oats, salt, ginger, and baking powder. Beat into the orange mixture and then stir in the nuts. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 minutes, or until cake tests done. Transfer to a cooling rack and allow cake to cool. Makes 10 to 16 servings. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch tube pan. In a large bowl, cream the butter with the sugar. Beat in the eggs, then the milk and almond extract. In another bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder and salt. Beat the flour mixture into the creamed mixture. Turn half of the batter into another bowl and stir in the cocoa and rum. Layer the light and dark batters by large spoonfuls and then swirl slightly with a knife. Bake the cake in at 350 degree F (175 degree C) for about 70 minutes, or until it tests done with a toothpick. Transfer to a rack to cool. Makes about 14 to 16 servings. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch tube pan. In a large bowl, cream the butter with 1 cup of the white sugar. Beat in the eggs, then the vanilla and the yogurt. In another bowl, stir together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Beat the flour mixture into the creamed ingredients. Turn half of the batter into another bowl. Add the orange rind to one bowl and the melted chocolate to the other. Alternately spoon the orange and chocolate batters into a greased and floured tube pan. Swirl through the two batters with a knife to create a marbled effect. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 minutes. As soon as the done cake is removed from the oven, stir together the remaining 1/4 cup sugar, the orange juice, and the orange liqueur and pour over the still hot cake. Let the cake finish cooling on a rack before serving. Makes about 10 to 12 servings. 
Beat eggs and sugar together for 5 minutes. Cover and place in the refrigerator overnight. In the morning, beat the egg and sugar mixture for 5 minutes more. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease three 8 inch cake pans. Sift the flour, salt, and baking powder together. Add the flour mixture alternately with the boiling hot milk to the egg and sugar mixture. Stir in vanilla extract. Pour the batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 15 to 20 minutes. Let cakes cool then fill and frost with Seven Minute Frosting. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Mix the graham cracker crumbs, sugar, and butter, or margarine together. Set aside 3 tablespoons of the crumbs for the topping. Press the remaining crumbs into one 9 inch pie plate. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 10 minutes. Cool then chill in freezer. Fill the chilled crust with the firm vanilla ice cream. Place in freezer. Beat egg whites until frothy, add salt, almond extract and slowly add sugar, beating until stiff and glossy. Spread over ice cream, sealing edges. Sprinkle with remaining crumbs. Place under broiler 500 degrees F (260 degrees C) for 2 minutes. Serve at once. 
Preheat oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Line the bottom and sides of two greased 9 x 5 x 3 inch loaf pans, and 1 round 4 1/2 inch x 3 inch deep pan with brown paper. Grease the paper. In a large bowl, stir together cherries, pineapple, raisins, mixed peel, 1 cup pecans, and 1 cup flour. Mix until fruit is coated with flour. In another large bowl, cream the butter or margarine and sugar together. Beat in eggs 1 at a time. Mix in orange juice and vanilla. Combine 5 cups flour, baking powder, and salt; stir into the creamed mixture. Stir in floured fruit and nuts. Mix. Spoon batter into prepared pans. Fill each pan 3/4 full. Arrange split almonds over tops. Bake for about 3 hours, until toothpick comes out clean. Cover with foil if top gets too dark while baking. 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and line with buttered wax paper two 8 inch round pans. Cream together margarine and 1 1/4 cup white sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs and orange rind until thoroughly combined. Stir in 1/2 cup orange juice and milk. Combine flour, baking powder, salt, and baking soda; stir into creamed mixture, and beat with an electric mixer at medium speed for 2 minutes. Blend in orange food coloring. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake for 25 minutes. Cool 10 minutes, and then remove layers from pans. Peel off wax paper, and cool completely on wire racks. Split each layer of cake, making 4 thin layers. Sprinkle layers with 1/4 cup orange juice. Sprinkle gelatin on the cold water in a small cup; let stand 5 minutes. Place cup in boiling water bath, and stir until gelatin is dissolved. Remove from heat, and set aside for a minute. Whip cream with confectioners' sugar until just starting to thicken. Continue beating while you add the orange juice. Slowly pour in gelatin, and combine thoroughly. Beat until stiff. Fill layers with orange flavored whipped cream. In a double boiler, combine squares of chocolate and butter or margarine; stir until melted. Let cool until chocolate thickens somewhat. Pour chocolate on top of cake, letting it drizzle down the sides. Refrigerate cake for 24 hours. Let cake sit at room temperature at least 1 hour before serving. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour three 9 inch round cake layer pans. Combine the cake mix, instant vanilla pudding, milk, vegetable oil and the 3 whole eggs. Mix until blended. Pour batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 minutes or until cakes test done. Set aside cakes to cool. To Make Lemon Cheese Filling: In the top half of a double boiler combine the egg yolks, white sugar, butter or margarine, flour, grated lemon rind and lemon juice. Cook stirring constantly over medium heat until mixture is thick enough to spread. Let cool before spreading between cooled cake layers. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour three 8 inch round cake layer pans. Dissolve the baking soda in the buttermilk. Combine the sugar, 3 1/2 cups of the flour, ground nutmeg, ground cloves, ground cinnamon and the butter. Stir in the buttermilk mixture. Toss the blackberries and raisins with the remaining 1/2 cup of flour to coat. Mix in the blackberries and the raisins into the batter and stir until evenly distributed. Pour batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 to 35 minutes or until a toothpick inserted near the center of the cakes comes out clean. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9x13 inch baking pan. Sift the flour before measuring then resift with the 1 cup of the packed brown sugar. Add the butter or margarine, eggs, milk, salt, baking powder and 1 teaspoon of the vanilla to the flour mixture and beat on medium high speed of an electric mixer for 2 to 3 minutes. (Use the whisk attachment for best results.) Spread batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes or until a cake tester comes out clean. Remove cake from oven and place on a wire rack for 10 minutes then remove pan and place cake on a serving dish. Once cake is cooled completely frost with Caramel Icing. To Make Caramel Icing: In a saucepan over medium heat stir the 2 remaining cups of brown sugar, and the cream until the sugar is dissolved. Cover and cook for 3 minutes. Uncover and cook without stirring till a candy thermometer reads 238 to 240 degrees F (113 to 115 degrees C). Stir in the remaining butter with a wooden spoon. Remove the icing from the heat and let cool to 110 degrees F (55 degrees C). Add the remaining 1 teaspoon vanilla. Beat the icing until it is thick and creamy. If it becomes heavy, thin it out with cream until the right consistency appears. Spread over the top of the cooled cake and top with chopped pecans. 
Bake yellow cake mix according to package directions for one 9x13 inch cake. Combine the crushed pineapple (undrained) with the white sugar and cook for 5 minutes over medium heat. Set aside to cool. Mix instant vanilla pudding according to package directions. Once cake is cool spread the cooled pineapple mixture over the top followed by the vanilla pudding, sliced bananas, and whipped topping. Sprinkle the flaked coconut and chopped nuts over the top of the cake. Let cake chill for at least 1 hour before serving. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease two 9 inch round cake layer pans. Place 2 cups of the flour, 1 1/2 cups sugar, the shortening, salt, and 2/3 cup of the milk in a mixing bowl and beat for 2 minutes with an electric mixer at medium speed. Stir in the baking powder. Add the egg whites remaining milk and 1 teaspoon of the vanilla and beat for 2 more minutes. Pour batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes. Let cakes cool then spread Lemon Filling between the layers and frost with Boiled Icing. To Make Lemon Filling: In a saucepan over medium heat combine 3/4 cups of the sugar, 2 tablespoons of the flour, the orange and lemon juice, and the remaining egg. Cook until mixture has thickened. Remove from heat ant let cool completely before folding in the whipped cream. Spread between cooled cake layers. 
In a saucepan over medium heat mix the white sugar, flour, orange juice, orange zest, lemon juice and the egg. Cook until thickened. Remove from heat and let cool completely before folding in the whipped cream. Makes enough to fill one 2 layer 9 inch round layer cake. 
Preheat oven 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and lightly flour a 12-cup bundt pan. In a mixing bowl, combine sugar, flour, baking soda, salt, brandy, butter or margarine, sour cream, eggs, and extracts. Mix all ingredients with electric mixer, scraping sides of bowl occasionally. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 80 minutes. Cool for 20 minutes, and remove cake from pan. Cool completely. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). In a large saucepan, bring 1 cup butter and water to a boil. Remove from heat, and stir in flour, sugar, eggs, sour cream, 1 teaspoon almond extract, salt, and baking soda until smooth. Pour batter into a greased 10x15-inch baking pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 22 minutes, or until cake is golden brown and tests done. Cool for 20 minutes. Combine 1/2 cup butter and milk in a saucepan; bring to a boil. Remove from heat. Mix in sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon almond extract. Stir in pecans. Spread frosting over warm cake. 
In a saucepan, combine chocolate, 1/2 cup milk, brown sugar, and egg yolks. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until custard is thick and smooth. Cool. Stir together flour, soda, baking powder, and salt. In a large bowl, cream butter or margarine. Blend in white sugar, beating until light and fluffy. Mix together 3/4 cup milk and vanilla. Stir flour mixture into creamed mixture alternately with flavored milk. Make 3 dry and 2 liquid additions, combining lightly after each. Stir in cooled chocolate custard. Beat egg whites to form stiff but moist peaks. Fold into cake batter, and beat by hand for 1 minute. Turn batter into two greased and floured 8 inch round cake pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes, or until cake springs back when lightly touched. Cool layers for 5 minutes, and then remove from pans. Cool completely. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Beat egg whites to form moist peaks. Gradually beat in 1/4 cup white sugar and salt. Beat until very stiff and shiny. Beat egg yolks and 1/4 cup white sugar together until very light and fluffy. Beat in molasses, grated lemon rind and lemon juice. Stir in cake flour. Fold meringue gently into batter. Pour batter into an ungreased 9 inch tube pan. Bake for 45 minutes. Remove cake from oven, and invert until cool. Loosen edges, and remove cake from pan. 
In a large bowl, cream butter and 2 cups confectioners' sugar until fluffy. Beat in eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in flour and vanilla, then pecans and lemon peel. Turn batter into greased 9 inch tube pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 40 to 45 minutes, or until done. Cool. Remove cake from pan, and invert onto serving plate. Make glaze by mixing 1 cup sifted confectioners' sugar with fresh lemon juice. Drizzle over cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13 inch pan, two 9-inch round cake pans, or three 8-inch round cake pans. In a large bowl, combine cake flour, sugar, baking soda and salt. Mix in butter, shortening, buttermilk, eggs, raisins, nuts, orange zest and vanilla. Beat with an electric mixer for 3 minutes on high speed. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in center of cake comes out clean. Bake 9x13 inch pan 45 to 50 minutes, or layers 30 to 35 minutes. Allow to cool, and frost with Williamsburg Butter Frosting. 
In a large bowl, blend butter with confectioners' sugar. Stir in orange liqueur and orange zest. Beat until light and fluffy. Use to frost cooled cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 inch tube pan. Separate the eggs. In a bowl, beat the egg whites until stiff. Set aside. In a large bowl, beat the butter with the sugar until thoroughly creamed. Beat in the egg yolks, then the jam, vanilla extract, and dark rum. In a small bowl, stir together the flour and baking powder. Beat the flour mixture into the creamed mixture, then stir in the nuts. Stir about 1/3 of the beaten egg whites into the batter to lighten it and then fold in the rest gently but thoroughly. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 65 to 70 minutes or until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean. Transfer to a rack to cool. Makes about 12 servings. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9x13 inch baking pan. Combine cake mix, pudding mix, eggs, 1 cup water and the vegetable oil and blend well. Beat at the medium speed of an electric mixer for 4 minutes. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 to 50 minutes or until the cake springs back when lightly touched. Let cake cool in pan for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, dissolve the gelatin in the boiling water, then add the cold water. Poke holes in the warm cake with a fork at 1/2 inch intervals. Pour gelatin over cake. Chill cake for 3 to 4 hours then frost with whipped topping. Keep cake refrigerated. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour three 8 inch round cake pans. Combine the cake mix, instant vanilla pudding, cocoa, buttermilk, vegetable oil and the 3 whole eggs. Mix until blended and pour the batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes or until the cakes test done. Set cakes aside to cool. In a medium sized sauce pan mix the evaporated milk, white sugar, 3 egg yolks and the butter. Cook over medium heat until the mixture is thick. Remove from heat and beat until partially cooled. Beat in the vanilla. Stir in the flaked coconut and the chopped pecans. Use to fill and frost cake. 
Place cake layers, top side up in two clean 8 or 9 inch round cake pans. Prick each cake with a utility fork at 1/2 inch intervals. Dissolve gelatin in boiling water. Carefully spoon dissolved gelatin over cake layers. Chill cakes for 3 to 4 hours. Dip one cake pan in warm water for 10 seconds, then unmold onto a serving plate. Top with about 1 cup of the whipped topping. Dip the other cake pan in warm water for 10 seconds and unmold second cake layer, placing carefully on top of the first cake layer. Frost top and sides with the remaining whipped topping. Chill. 
Dissolve the gelatin in the boiling water. Mix in the cold water and set aside. Mix and bake cake as directed for one 9x13 inch pan. Let cake cool for 20 to 25 minutes. Poke holes in cake about 1 inch apart. Pour gelatin into holes and over the top of the cake. Refrigerate cake while making the topping. Mix instant pudding, whipped topping mix and milk until stiff. Frost cake and store in refrigerator. 
To Make Starter: Dissolve yeast in warm water. Add 1 tablespoon white sugar, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 cup of the flour, and 1 cup of the milk in a non-metal bowl and stir with a non-metal spoon until creamy. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and let stand in a warm place for two days to ferment. It will become bubbly and have a sour odor. Do not place in refrigerator. On second day, third day, and fourth day: stir. On fifth day, add 1 cup flour, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup milk, and stir. On sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth day: stir. On tenth day add 1 cup flour, 1 cup sugar, and 1 cup milk. Reserve 1 cup starter; pour remaining starter, 1 cup each, into 3 containers to give away to friends if desired. Starter is enough for 8 loaves. To Make Cakes: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 8 or 9 inch loaf pans. Mix 1 cup of the starter, oil, baking powder, eggs, 1 cup of the sugar, 2 cups of the flour, 1/4 teaspoon of the salt, vanilla, and chopped nuts. Stir in the baking soda just before pouring the batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Bananas, dates, or raisins can be added for variety. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Beat softened cream cheese slightly. Add eggs, sugar, vanilla, and lemon zest. Beat until light and fluffy. Pour mixture into crust. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) until firm, about 25 minutes. Let cheesecake cool then top with cherry or blueberry pie filling, if desired. Refrigerate for at least 8 hours before serving. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter a 10 inch tube pan. Sift together the flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, and salt; set aside. In a medium bowl, beat the butter and 1 1/4 cup sugar with an electric mixer on high speed until light and fluffy. Change the mixer speed to medium, and beat in the vanilla. Beat in the eggs, one at a time. With the mixer on low speed, alternately beat the flour mixture and sour cream into the creamed mixture, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Beat only until just blended. For the topping: In a small bowl combine the chocolate, pecans, 1/4 cup sugar, and 1 teaspoon cinnamon to make a crumb mixture. Spread half of the batter in the bottom of the prepared pan. Sprinkle with half of the crumb mixture. Pour in the remaining batter, and sprinkle with the remaining crumb mixture; press the crumbs in lightly so they adhere to the batter. Quickly, but gently cut through the batter and crumbs in an up and down motion with a knife. Lightly rap the pan once against a hard surface, to settle the batter. Bake in the preheated oven for 40 minutes. Cover the top of the cake with aluminum foil. Continue baking until a skewer inserted halfway between the side of the pan and the tube comes out clean, about 20 minutes longer. Cool the cake in the pan on a wire rack for 30 minutes. Carefully loosen the cake from the sides of the pan. Invert cake onto rack, and cool completely. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a medium bowl, stir together the 2/3 cup sugar, flour, 5 tablespoons of the cocoa, baking powder and salt. Blend in milk, melted butter and vanilla; beat until smooth. Pour batter into one 9 inch square baking dish. In separate bowl, stir together the remaining white sugar, brown sugar and the remaining cocoa; sprinkle mixture evenly over batter. Pour hot water over top. Do not stir! Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes or until center is almost set. Let stand for 15 minutes. Then spoon into dessert dishes, spooning sauce from bottom of pan over top. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Beat together the cream cheese and the sugar, add the pumpkin and the spices. Beat in eggs one at a time. Add salt. Beat until creamy. Pour the batter evenly into the two pastry shells. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 minutes or until the knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Let cool then top with whipped topping, if desired. 
Prepare cake mix according to directions, using a 2 egg carton of egg substitute if desired. Bake in two 9 inch round layers; split layers horizontally when cool to make 4 layers. Blend together sugar, sour cream and coconut and chill. Spread all but 1 cup of this mixture between the layers. Blend the remaining cup of mixture with the whipped topping and spread on the top and sides of the cake. Seal cake in airtight container and refrigerate for at least one to three days before serving. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). With a non-stick cooking spray, coat a 13X9X2 inch baking pan. Dust with flour and set aside. In a small bowl, stir together the cocoa, confectioners' sugar, butter and 2 tablespoons hot water until smooth and set aside. In microwavable bowl, place peanut butter chips and shortening. Microwave on high for 1 minute, or until chips are melted and smooth when stirred. In large bowl, combine cake mix, brown sugar, 1-1/4 cups water, eggs and reserved melted peanut butter mixture; beat on low speed of electric mixer until moistened. Increase speed to medium, beat 2 minutes until smooth. Remove 1-1/2 cups of the batter and add it to the reserved cocoa mixture; blend well. Pour the peanut butter flavored batter into the prepared pan. Drop spoonfuls of the chocolate batter on top. Swirl with a knife or spatula for a marbled effect. Bake at 350 degree F (175 degrees C) for 40 to 45 minutes or until a wooden toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool and frost as desired. 
Line one 9x13 inch baking pan with the graham cracker or vanilla wafer crumbs. Reserve a few crumbs as a garnish for the top. Drain the pineapple, saving the juice. Melt the marshmallows in the pineapple juice over low heat. Once melted set aside to cool. Cut up the bananas into chunks. Mix the bananas, chopped nuts, and crushed pineapple into the cooled marshmallow mixture. Fold the fruit mixture into the whipped cream. Spoon batter into the graham cracker or vanilla wafer lined pan. Sprinkle the reserved crumbs on top. Chill well before serving. Makes about 12 to 18 servings. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 or 10 inch Bundt pan. Combine the cake mix, sugar, vegetable oil, eggs, apricot baby food and plum baby food. Mix for 2 minutes. Stir in walnuts and pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 1 hour. Wonderful with a light dusting of confectioner's sugar or with an almond frosting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 10 inch tube or Bundt pan. Mix the cake mix, eggs, vegetable oil, and apricot nectar together. Dissolve the gelatin in the hot water and add to cake batter. Mix well and pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 to 60 minutes. Invert cake onto a plate and cool for several minutes. Pour glaze over cake while it is still warm. To Make Glaze: Combine the confectioner's sugar and the lemon juice. Use immediately to pour over still warm cake. 
In a saucepan over medium heat combine the sugar, salt, cornstarch, water, and chocolate. Stirring frequently bring to a boil and cook over low heat until thick. Remove from the heat and add the vanilla and the butter or margarine. Mix well. Let frosting cool before frosting cake. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease one 10 inch tube or bundt pan. Combine the cake mix, white sugar, 3/4 cup vegetable oil, and apricot nectar together. Beat in the eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 1 hour. Let cake cool in pan for 10 minute then invert onto a serving dish and pour glaze over cake while it is still warm. To Make Glaze: Combine the confectioners' sugar, lemon juice and the 3 drops of oil, mixing until smooth. Use immediately to pour over still warm cake. 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9 or 10 inch bundt or tube pan. Combine the cake mix, gelatin, flour, eggs and thawed strawberries. Beat at medium speed of an electric mixer for 3 minutes. Add the oil and beat for one more minute. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes. Let cake cool before frosting or serving. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 or 10 inch tube or bundt pan. Combine the lemon cake mix, eggs, brown sugar, flaked coconut, 3/4 vegetable oil, 3/4 cup apricot nectar and the lemon extract. Beat with electric beaters for 4 minutes at medium speed. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 40 minutes. Let cake cool in pan for 10 minutes then turn cake out on to a serving dish and immediately pour glaze over still warm cake. To Make Glaze: Combine the confectioners' sugar, 2 tablespoons apricot nectar, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and enough lemon juice to give the glaze a liquid consistency. Mix until smooth and use immediately to pour over still warm cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix graham cracker wafer crumbs, butter and brown sugar until well combined. Set aside 1/4 cup of this mixture for a topping and press the remainder into one 9x13 inch pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 10 minutes. Set aside to cool. Dissolve raspberry gelatin in the boiling water and add the frozen raspberries, stirring until melted. Chill until partially set and spread on wafer base. Melt marshmallows with the milk. When cool, fold in whipped cream and spread on top of raspberry mixture. Sprinkle with remaining crumbs. Chill for 3-4 hours before serving. 
Take ice cream out of freezer to soften. It should be easy to spread and not melted. Rip the angel food cake into chunks (about 2 inches). Place a layer of cake on the bottom of one 9 or 10 inch tube pan. Spread a layer of the softened ice cream on top. Repeat layers until cake and ice cream are gone. Put cake in freezer for at least 2 to 3 hours. When ready to serve remove cake from freezer and place cake onto a serving dish, removing pan. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch tube pan. Dissolve lemon gelatin the boiling water. Set aside. Combine cake mix, vegetable oil, and eggs. Mix well and add gelatin mixture then beat for 5 minutes. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour. While cake is still warm and in the pan, puncture cake with the tines of a fork. Then pour lemonade glaze over cake. Let cake cool completely before removing from pan. To Make Lemonade Glaze: Combine the thawed frozen lemonade with the white sugar and mix thoroughly. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease an flour one 10 inch tube pan. To make marbling mixture: Combine 1/3 cup of the coca and 1/2 cup of the white sugar and mix well. In a large bowl, beat the egg whites until stiff, and set aside. In another bowl, cream the butter with 1 cup of the sugar and the brown sugar. Beat in the egg yolks, then the vanilla and sour cream. In another bowl, stir together the flour, cocoa, salt, and baking soda. Beat into the creamed mixture. Stir about 1/3 of the egg whites into the batter to lighten it and then fold in the rest gently but thoroughly. Spread about 1/4 of the batter into a greased and floured tube pan and sprinkle with about 1/3 of the cocoa-sugar mixture. Continue repeating layers, ending with the batter. With a knife, lightly swirl the batter and cocoa mixture together Bake at 325 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 3/4 hours, or until it tests done with a toothpick. Let cool on a rack. Makes 16 to 20 servings. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 13x9 inch pan. Beat cake mix, mashed bananas, oil and eggs with an electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds. Increase speed to medium and beat for 2 more minutes. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 33 to 36 minutes or until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean. Let cake cool then frost with your choice of frosting, if desired. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch tube pan. Combine the cake mix, lemon pudding mix, eggs, vegetable oil and the cold water. Mix until smooth. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour. Remove from oven and prick cake all over with a fork. Immediately pour lemonade glaze over top of cake. Let cake stand in pan until cool. To Make Lemonade Glaze: Combine the thawed frozen lemonade and the white sugar. Mix thoroughly and pour over still warm cake. 
Preheat oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Grease two 9 inch tube pans. In a saucepan over medium heat cook apricots in the water until they are mushy. Press them through a sieve and let them cool. Separate the eggs. Beat the egg yolks until lemony colored. Then beat the egg whites until stiff peaks are formed. Set aside. Cream the butter or margarine and sugar together. Add the beaten egg yolks and the apricots, and mix thoroughly. Combine the raisins, candied cherries, candied pineapple, and mixed dried fruits in a bowl coated with one cup of the flour. Combine the flour, baking soda, and salt. Add this flour mixture alternately to the creamed mixture with the apricot juice. Blend this batter into the mixed fruits. Add the chopped pecans or walnuts and fold in the beaten egg whites. Turn the batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 275 degrees F (135 degrees C) for 2 hours. Garnish cakes with candied pineapples and cherries. Makes about 24 servings. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a saucepan over medium heat combine the water and the white sugar, boil until mixture spins a thread approximately 225 degrees F (110 degrees C). Beat egg whites, salt and cream of tartar in the bowl of a stand mixer until light and fluffy but not stiff. Add hot syrup slowly to egg whites, beating until cool, about 15 minutes. Beat egg yolks until thick and lemon-colored. Fold 1/3 cup of the egg whites into the beaten egg yolks to lighten. Sift 1 cup flour over the egg whites and gently fold in. Add almond flavoring. Sift remaining flour over egg yolks and fold in orange flavoring. Spoon egg white batter and egg yolk batter alternately into one ungreased 9-inch tube pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour. Once cool frost with yellow tinted Seven Minute Frosting. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease one 9 inch tube pan. Sift flour, baking powder, and salt together. Cream butter or margarine and sugar together. Beat in the eggs one at a time. Stir in the vanilla and the sifted flour mixture. Fold in the raisins, and candied peel mixing well. Spoon batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 1 hour and 45 minutes to 2 hours. Makes about 16 servings. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch bundt pan. Measure the flour, 1 1/2 cups packed brown sugar, graham cracker crumbs, baking powder, baking soda, salt, ground cinnamon, softened butter or margarine, orange juice and the eggs. Beat until smooth about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the walnuts and pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (for 45 to 50 minutes) or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Let cake stand in pan for 20 minutes. Invert cake onto a serving plate and ice with Brown Sugar Glaze. To Make Brown Sugar Glaze: Combine the confectioners' sugar, water, 1/2 cup brown sugar and the vanilla. Add more sugar or water to make a proper consistency for a barely pourable glaze. 
Split angel food cake in half horizontally. Stir together the whipped topping and the crushed toffee bars. Use to fill and frost cake. Cover and refrigerate cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9x13 inch pan. Combine the cake mix, eggs, vegetable oil, cream of coconut and the sour cream and mix well for 4 minutes. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes. Let cake cool then frost with cream cheese frosting and top with flaked coconut. To Make Frosting: Combine the softened cream cheese, vanilla, milk and confectioners' sugar. Mix until smooth and spread over cooled cake. Top with flaked coconut. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease one 9x13 inch baking pan. Combine the sugar, flour, milk, salt, dates, nut, vanilla and baking powder and mix well. Pour batter into the prepared pan. In a saucepan over medium heat combine the brown sugar, water and butter or margarine and bring to boil. Pour brown sugar mixture over batter. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minute or until the cake tests done. Serve warm with whipped cream. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 8x8 inch square pan. Place the cream cheese, milk, sugar, corn starch and vanilla in a blender and puree. Add the eggs one at a time after the last egg has been added blend mixture for 7 minutes. Pour batter into the prepared pan and sprinkle top with cinnamon. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour. Let cheese cake cool in oven for one hour. Then place in the refrigerator for at least 3 to 4 hours before serving. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch bundt pan. In medium bowl combine the cake mix, instant vanilla pudding, nutmeg, vegetable oil, white wine, and eggs. Beat with an electric mixer for 5 minutes. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Let cake cool on rack in pan for 10 minutes then remove cake from pan to rack. Let cake cool completely before slicing. Garnish sliced cake with a dollop of whipped cream or dust with confectioners' sugar and sliced strawberries. Variation: You can also "flour" the pan after it's been greased with cocoa powder or a cinnamon sugar mixture for a textured crust. Simply fill a clean salt shaker for easy application. This will eliminate that "white stuff" on the outside of your baked cake which makes for a prettier cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 10-inch bundt or tube pan. Blend oil, beaten eggs, pumpkin and vanilla together. Sift the flour, sugar, baking soda, ground nutmeg, ground allspice, ground cinnamon, ground cloves and salt together. Add the flour mixture to the pumpkin mixture and mix until just combined. If desired, stir in some chopped nuts. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean, about 1 hour. Let cake cool in pan for 5 minutes, then turn out onto a plate and sprinkle with confectioners' sugar. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 11 inch loaf pan. Cream the butter or margarine and the sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at time beating well after each one. Stir in the milk, lemon and cardamom flavorings. Stir in the flour and the baking powder. Sift a little flour over the raisins then stir them into the batter. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 55 to 60 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Sift flour, cocoa, and 1/4 cup of the white sugar together. Beat egg whites with cream of tartar and salt until soft peaks form, gradually add 1/2 cup sugar beating until stiff and shiny, add vanilla. Sift dry mixture over beaten egg whites gradually and gently fold in. Spoon batter into one 9x5 inch ungreased loaf pan. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 25 minutes or until done. Invert pan and cool completely. Remove cake and cut it into 3 layers. Spread almond filling between the layers and dust top with sifted confectioners' sugar. Makes about 10 servings. To Make Almond Filling: Combine the remaining 1/4 cup white sugar, cornstarch and salt in a saucepan. Mix the beaten eggs and milk together and stir them into the sugar mixture. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly until thick and bubbling. Cook for an additional 2 minutes. Remove from heat and add the almond liqueur and stir well. Cover the surface of the fill in with plastic wrap and chill completely before using. 
Combine sugar, cornstarch, and salt in saucepan. In a separate bowl beat eggs and mix together with milk. Stir into dry mixture. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thick and bubbling. Cook for 2 minutes more. Remove from heat, add almond liqueur and stir well. Cover surface of filling with plastic wrap to prevent film from forming and chill completely before using. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, combine flour, baking powder, salt, and 1/2 cup sugar. Add oil, egg yolks, water and lemon rind. Beat with an electric mixer until smooth. In a small bowl, beat egg whites and cream of tartar until peaks form. Gradually add 3/4 cup sugar, and beat until very stiff and shiny peaks form. Fold 1/3 of the whites into the batter, then quickly fold in remaining whites until no streaks remain. Turn batter into ungreased 10-inch tube pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 60 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Invert cake and cool completely in pan. When cool, loosen edges and shake pan to remove cake. To Make Filling: Beat cream to stiff peaks. Fold in lemon filling. Chill until stiff. To Assemble Cake: Slice cake horizontally into 3 equal layers. Fill layers with 1/3 cup of filling. Spread remaining filling on top layer. Decorate with lemon slices. 
In a large bowl beat together the cream cheese and sugar until smooth. Gently fold in the whipped topping. Spoon into the prepared crust. Refrigerate 3 hours, or until set. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine the graham cracker crumbs, ground pecans, 2 tablespoons white sugar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, and the melted butter or margarine and mix well. Firmly press mixture into one 9 inch springform pan. Combine 3/4 cup of the white sugar, the pumpkin, 3 egg yolks, ground cinnamon, ground mace, ground ginger and salt in a medium bowl. Mix well, and set aside. Beat cream cheese with an electric mixer until light and fluffy; gradually add 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons white sugar and mix well. Add the whole egg, remaining egg yolk and the whipping cream, beating well. Add cornstarch and vanilla and lemon flavorings, beat batter until smooth. Add pumpkin mixture and mix well. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 to 55 minutes. Do not overbake. Center may be soft but it will firm up when chilled. Let cheesecake cool on a wire rack, then refrigerate. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9x13 inch baking pan. Cream the sugar and shortening together until light and fluffy. Add the eggs and mix well. Stir in the cocoa, milk, flour, baking powder, boiling coffee, baking soda and vanilla extract. Mix until just combined. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Sift cake flour, sugar, and salt three times then stir in the boiling water. Let cool. Beat egg whites, cream of tartar, baking powder, vanilla and almond flavorings until stiff peaks form. Fold into the flour mixture and pour batter into one ungreased 12x18 inch baking pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 minutes. Cool cake inverted in pan, laying a tea towel underneath the cake to absorb the steam. Frost as desired once the cake is cooled. 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 13x9 inch baking pan. Combine the yellow cake mix, 2 of the eggs, and the butter or margarine mix well. The batter should be stiff. Spread the batter into the prepared pan. Combine the cream cheese, confectioners' sugar and the remaining 2 eggs. Mix well and pour over the top of the cake batter. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (160 degrees C). Line one 8 inch deep sided cake tin with parchment paper. Place the fruit cherries, peel, walnuts, sugar, butter or margarine, mixed spice, baking soda and milk in a medium sized saucepan. Bring to a boil and simmer for 5 minutes. Let mixture cool to body temperature. Stir in the flour and the eggs. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Wrap outside of pan with brown paper or newspaper. Bake at 325 degrees F (160 degrees C) for 40 minutes then reduce temperature to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) and continue to baking cake for 1-1/2 hours. Remove cake from oven and allow it to cool in tin for 5 minutes then turn it out onto a cooling rack, remove greaseproof paper and leave until cool. Cake can be stored for up to 6 months wrapped in foil and in an air tight tin. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease three 9 inch round cake pans. In a small bowl, dissolve the baking soda in the buttermilk; set aside. In a large bowl, cream together 1/2 cup butter, shortening and white sugar until light and fluffy. Mix in the eggs, buttermilk mixture, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup coconut, baking powder and flour. Stir until just combined. Pour batter into the prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow to cool. To Make Frosting: In a medium bowl, combine cream cheese, 1/2 cup butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla and confectioners' sugar. Beat until light and fluffy. Mix in a small amount of cream to attain the desired consistency. Stir in chopped nuts and remaining flaked coconut. Spread between layers and on top and sides of cooled cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees (175 degrees C). Spray one 13x9 inch cake pan with cooking oil spray. Mix the flour, white sugar, 4 1/2 tablespoons cocoa, baking soda and salt together in a bowl. Pour dry ingredients into the prepared pan. Scoop out 3 holes in the dry mixture. Put the vegetable oil in one hole, vinegar in the second hole, and 1 1/2 teaspoons of the vanilla in the third hole. Pour the cold water over the top and stir until smooth. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 20 minutes. Ice cake while it is still hot. To Make Icing: In a saucepan over medium heat melt the butter or margarine. Add the cocoa and remove pan from the heat. Stir in the salt, milk and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Mix in the confectioners' sugar until desired consistency is attained. Spread icing over a still hot cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9x13 inch pan. Drain pineapple. Put pineapple in a clean layered cheesecloth and wring out remaining juice. If pineapple is not well drained, it will make the filling runny. Mix and bake cake according to package instructions. Pour 1/2 of the batter into the prepared pan. Discard or find another use for the remaining half of the batter. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 minutes or until done. Let cake cool in pan on a wire rack. Beat softened cream cheese until fluffy. Slowly add milk, combining thoroughly. Add instant pudding and beat until thick. Pudding mixture will thicken when refrigerated. When cake is cool and pudding mixture is thickened you can assemble the cake. Spread pudding mixture on top of the cooled cake. Sprinkle drained pineapple over pudding. Carefully spread thawed frozen whipped topping over all. Sprinkle chopped walnuts over all. Refrigerate. Enjoy! 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 10-inch round cake pan. Place butter, brown sugar, flour, oatmeal, coconut, egg and baking soda in a bowl and mix well. Put 2/3 of the batter in the prepared pan then spread the rhubarb jam over it. Pat the remaining dough over the top. Bake in preheated oven until a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, 35 to 45 minutes. 
Prepare and bake cake mix according to package directions for one 9x13 inch cake. Remove cake from oven. Poke holes at once down through cake to pan with the round handle of a wooden spoon. Holes should be at 1 inch intervals. Combine the pudding mix with the confectioners' sugar and gradually stir in the milk. Beat with an electric mixer at low speed for not more than 1 minute. Do not over beat. Quickly, before pudding thickens, pour about 1/2 of the thin pudding evenly over the warm cake and into the holes. (This will make the stripes in the cake.) Allow the remaining pudding to thicken slightly then spoon over the top, and spread to frost the top of the cake. Chill for at least 1 hour before serving. Store leftovers in the refrigerator. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Generously grease and flour one 15 1/2x 10 1/2 inch jelly roll pan. Mix sour cream, water and eggs. Stir in cake mix until moistened. You will notice the batter will be lumpy. Spread into pan. Drop pie filling by large spoonfuls onto batter. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 minutes or until cake tests done. Sprinkle cake with almonds and drizzle with glaze. To Make Glaze: Mix confectioner's sugar, milk and vegetable oil. Stir in a few extra drops of milk if necessary. Stir until mixture is smooth and of a desired consistency. Drizzle over still warm cake. 
Whip the egg whites until foamy. Add cream of tartar, and continue beating until stiff. In a separate bowl, beat the egg yolks until lemon coloured. Boil the sugar and water until it reaches the thread stage, 230 - 234 degrees F (110 - 112 degrees C). Beat syrup into egg whites. Fold in egg yolks. Fold in flour. Pour batter into an ungreased tube pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour. Cool. 
Heat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Coat a Bundt pan well with cooking spray. Make the streusel topping: Mix 1 brown cup sugar, 2/3 cup flour, and cinnamon in a medium bowl. Cut in 1/2 cup butter or margarine; topping mixture will be crumbly. Set aside. For the cake: Beat 1/2 cup butter or margarine in large bowl until creamy; add 1 cup white sugar, and beat until fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla. Whisk together 2 cups flour, baking powder, and salt; add alternately with the milk to the creamed mixture, beating well after each addition. Spread half the batter in the prepared pan. Cover with berries, and add remaining batter by tablespoons. Cover with streusel topping. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 55 to 60 minutes, until deep golden brown. Remove pan to wire rack to cool. Invert onto a plate after cake has cooled, and dust with confectioners' sugar. 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a small bowl stir together the melted butter and the brown sugar; spread the mixture evenly in a well buttered 9 inch round cake pan. Pat the pineapple very dry between several sheets of paper towel, and arrange it evenly on top of the sugar mixture. Sift together flour, baking powder, salt, and cinnamon. In a large mixing bowl, cream the softened butter with the sugar until the mixture is light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in the vanilla. Add the flour mixture in three parts alternately with the milk, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Beat well after each addition. Spread the batter evenly into the prepared pan. Place the cake in the middle of the oven. Bake for 45 to 55 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean. Let the cake cool in the pan on a rack for 15 minutes. Run a thin knife around the edge, and invert the cake onto a plate. Serve the cake warm or at room temperature. 
Beat egg. Mix in milk. Sift flour, salt, sugar, and baking powder; beat into egg mixture until smooth. Pour oil into a heavy pan until it is 1 inch deep. Heat to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Pour batter through funnel into oil with a circular motion to form a spiral. Fry until lightly brown; turn over to brown the other side. Cook to golden brown, and remove to drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with confectioner's sugar while still warm. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a bundt pan. Cream together oil, sugar, and eggs. Blend in flour, cinnamon, and vanilla. Stir in chopped apples and nuts. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 1 hour, or until done. Cool. 
Mix together graham cracker crumbs, melted butter or margarine, and 1/4 cup white sugar. Pat mixture into the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan. A 9 x 13 inch pan may also be used. Prepare dream whip according to directions. Beat cream cheese with 1 cup white sugar and vanilla; beat until creamy. Fold Dream Whip (TM) into cream cheese mixture. Spread filling over crust. Refrigerate 1 to 2 hours, or until firm. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10 inch Bundt pan. In a large bowl, stir together cake mix and pudding mix. Make a well in the center and pour in eggs, water, oil and mashed banana. Beat on low speed until blended. Scrape bowl, and beat 4 minutes on medium speed. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in a preheated oven for 50 to 55 minutes, or until cake tests done. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely. To make glaze: In a small bowl, combine confectioners' sugar, milk and vanilla. Whisk until smooth and of a drizzling consistency. When cake is cooled, drizzle icing over cake with a zigzag motion. Sprinkle chopped nuts over wet icing if desired. 
To make Bottom/White part: Beat whites with salt until frothy. Add cream of tartar and continue beating until stiff, but not dry. Sift 1/2 cup flour and 3/4 cup sugar 4 times (separately). Add sugar gradually, then fold in flour. Add in 1/2 teaspoon vanilla. Put into ungreased angel cake pan. Prepare top. To Make Top/Yellow Part: Beat yolks until light. Add 3/4 cup sugar, which has been sifted 4 times, gradually. Beat for 3 minutes. Add 3/4 cup flour and baking powder, which has been sifted together 4 times. Alternate flour mixture with hot water. Add 1 teaspoon vanilla. Pour this mix over top of first batter. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 40 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease and flour three 8 inch round pans. Sift flour before measuring; resift with salt and baking powder at least twice more. Beat egg yolks until very thick and pale - approximately 5 minutes with a mixer on high speed. In a large bowl, cream butter or margarine and sugar. Blend in eggs. Fold sifted mixture, alternately with milk, into creamed mixture. Stir in vanilla. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until cake springs back when touched. Cool in pans for 10 minutes. Turn out, and cool on wire rack. Frost with Decorator Frosting. 
Cream butter until very light. Cream in flour. Add water and vanilla. Add sugar until desired consistency is reached. For frosting the cake use a thinner icing. Then add additional sugar to make the icing thicker for putting decorations on the frosted cake. 
In a medium bowl, combine cherries, citrus peel, raisins, currants, dates, and almonds. Stir in brandy; let stand 2 hours, or overnight. Dredge soaked fruit with 1/2 cup flour. Preheat oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Grease an 8x8x3 inch fruit cake pan, line with parchment paper, and grease again. In a small bowl, mix together flour, baking soda, cloves, allspice, cinnamon, and salt; set aside. In a large bowl, cream butter until light. Gradually blend in brown sugar and eggs. Mix together molasses and apple juice. Beat into butter mixture alternately with flour mixture, making 4 dry and 3 liquid additions. Fold in floured fruit. Turn into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 3 to 3 1/2 hours, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of cake comes out clean. Remove from pan, and lift off paper. Cool cake completely, and then wrap loosely in wax paper. Store in an airtight container. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Place a pan of water in oven. Grease thoroughly and line with heavy brown paper one set of tier pans (one 9 inch, one 7 inch, and one 5 inch). In a large bowl combine ground almonds and fruits. Dredge with one cup flour. In a large bowl, cream together 1 cup flour and shortening. Gradually blend in white sugar. Beat in egg yolks and almond flavoring; beat until very light and fluffy. Mix together brandy and milk; add alternately with 4 1/2 cups flour to creamed mixture. Make 3 dry and 2 liquid additions, combining lightly after each. In another bowl, beat egg whites with cream of tartar to form stiff but moist peaks. Fold into batter. Fold in floured fruit mixture. Bake for 2 1/2 to 3 1/2 hours, depending on size of pan. Bake each cake until it tests done with a toothpick. Remove from pans, and lift off paper. Cool. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cream 1/2 cup butter and 1 cup sugar; add egg yolks, mixing well. Combine 2 cups flour and 2 teaspoons baking powder. Add flour mixture alternately with 2/3 cup milk to creamed mixture. Pour into two greased and floured 9 inch round pans. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until done. Cool. Cream 1 cup sugar and 1/2 cup butter. Combine 2 cups flour and 2 teaspoons baking powder; add to creamed mixture alternately with 2/3 cup milk. Beat egg whites, and fold into batter. Stir in flavoring. Pour into two greased and floured 9 inch round pans. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes. Cool. Spread your choice of frosting between layers, alternating yellow and white layers. Frost outside of cake. 
Mix flour, 2 cups sugar, salt, and baking powder; add shortening and milk. Beat well. Beat in eggs and 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla. Spread batter in three greased and floured 9 inch round pans. Bake for 30 minutes at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cool, and remove from pans. Mix 3 cups sugar, corn syrup, and 1 cup boiling water in a saucepan; boil until mixture spins thread. Beat egg whites until stiff. Pour syrup over egg whites, beating constantly. Add 1 teaspoon vanilla to flavor the icing. Frost cake, and sprinkle with coconut. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9 inch round pan. Place flour, baking powder, salt, sugar, butter or margarine, eggs, vanilla, and milk into mixing bowl. Beat slowly to moisten, then beat with an electric mixer at medium speed for about 2 minutes until smooth. Reserve 3/4 cup batter; pour the remainder into pan. Stir cocoa into the 3/4 cup reserved batter. Drop by spoonfuls over top of white batter. Using a knife, swirl the cocoa batter into the white batter to incorporate it in a marble effect. Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, until an inserted wooden pick comes out clean. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Wash a 10 inch angel food tube pan in hot soapy water to ensure it is totally grease free. Measure flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt into sifter. Sift into bowl. Make a well; add oil, egg yolks, water, vanilla, and lemon flavoring to the well in the order that is given. Set aside. Don't beat. In a large mixing bowl, beat egg whites and cream of tartar until very stiff. Set aside. Using same beaters, beat egg yolk batter until smooth and light. Pour gradually over egg whites, folding in with rubber spatula. Do not stir. Pour batter into angel food tube pan. Bake for 55 minutes. Increase heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake 10 to 15 minutes until done. Invert pan until cool. 
Combine raisins, currants, mixed peel, cherries, and orange rind. Dredge with 1/3 cup flour. Cream butter or margarine and sugar until fluffy. Beat in eggs 1 at a time until light. Combine 1 2/3 cups flour, baking powder, and ground almonds; fold into batter mixture. Mix in fruit. Spread in foil lined 8 x 3 inch round pan. If using a different size pan fill 3/4 full. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for about 1 1/2 hours, until an inserted wooden pick comes out clean. Remove cake from pan. Toast almonds in 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Heat corn syrup, and brush over top surface of hot cake. Place almonds in whatever design you like. After cooling, cake will not be sticky. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 10 inch tube pan. Beat egg whites and cream of tartar until soft peaks form. Add 3/4 cup sugar gradually, beating until very stiff. In a large bowl, cream butter or margarine and 1 cup sugar well. Add egg yolks, and beat until thick and fluffy. Sift flour, baking powder, and salt over batter. Fold in. Gently fold in egg whites. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 50 to 60 minutes, until an inserted wooden pick comes out clean. Cool. Ice with your favorite frosting. 
Stir together the flours, oats, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt. In a large bowl, beat the eggs. Gradually beat in the brown sugar until the mixture is thick. Beat in the melted butter or margarine and the vanilla. Beat flour mixture into the liquid mixture, and then stir in the grated pears. Turn the batter into a greased and floured tube pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 70 minutes, or until it tests done with a toothpick. Transfer cake to a rack to cool. 
Stir together the flours, spices, and baking soda. In a large bowl, cream the butter or margarine with the sugar and molasses. Beat in the eggs, then the beer. Beat the flour mixture into the creamed mixture. Stir in the raisins, orange peel, and almonds. Turn the batter into a greased and floured 9 x 13 inch baking pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 40 minutes, or until done. Transfer to a rack to cool. 
Soak raisins in boiling water to cover for 5 minutes. Drain. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10 inch tube pan. Sift together all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cocoa; set aside. In a large bowl, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs, then the applesauce. Beat the flour mixture into the applesauce mixture. Stir in the raisins and walnuts. Turn batter into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 80 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely. Chill in refrigerator. 
Stir together flour, oats, salt, baking powder, and spices. In a large bowl, cream the butter or margarine with the sugar. Beat in the eggs, then the applesauce and milk. Beat flour mixture into applesauce mixture. Stir in the raisins and nuts. Turn the batter into a greased and floured tube pan. Bake the cake in a preheated oven at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 65 minutes, or until it tests done. Let cake cool on a wire rack. 
Stir together flour, 1 1/3 cups oats, salt, and baking soda. In a large bowl, cream 1/2 cup butter or margarine with 2/3 cup brown sugar. Beat in the eggs, then the bananas and vanilla. Beat the flour mixture into the banana mixture. Turn the batter into a greased and floured 8 inch square pan. Mix 3/4 cup oats, 1/3 cup brown sugar, melted butter or margarine, walnuts, and cinnamon together until crumbly. Sprinkle evenly over the top of the batter. Bake in preheated oven at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 to 45 minutes, or until it tests done. Transfer to a rack to cool. 
Day One: In a large glass jar or bowl, combine 2 cups of the starter with 1 can of the sliced peaches and their juice (each slice chopped into 4 pieces). Add 2 1/2 cups of the white sugar and stir once every day for 10 days. When not stirring mixture, keep it covered with a paper towel, foil, or a loose lid. Let sit at room temperature. Don't refrigerate it or cover it airtight. A pan of water underneath the jar or bowl will keep the ants out. Day Ten: Add 1 can of chunk pineapple and it's juice. Cut each chunk of pineapple in half. Stir in 1/2 cup of white sugar. Stir once everyday for 10 days. The color should change, and the mixture should foam when stirred. Day Twenty: Slice each cherry in half, and stir in. Add 2 1/2 cups of the white sugar. Stir once every day for the final 10 days. The cherries will give the juice back its pinkish color. Day Thirty: Drain fruit and reserve it and the liquid. The fruit will be used in the cake. Pour the liquid into 3 glass or ceramic pint jars. One for you to start your next cake, and two for friends. Cake must be started within 3 days after receiving the starter, or you should freeze the starter to use at a later date. Do not use plastic or metal containers to store liquid! Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9x13 inch baking pans. It's best to mix the two cakes separately. Combine 1 box of the cake mix, 1 box of the instant vanilla pudding, 2/3 cup of the vegetable oil, and 4 of the eggs. Stir, then add 1/2 of the drained reserved fruit from the starter. Stir, then add 1 cup of the golden raisins, 1 cup of the chopped nuts and 1 cup of the coconut. Stir until all ingredients are combined. The batter will be stiff. Pour batter into the prepared cake pan. Repeat for cake number two. Bake cakes at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 55 to 65 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9x13 inch baking pan. Combine the biscuit mix, white sugar, brown sugar, apple pie spice, ground cinnamon, eggs, milk, mashed apple pie filling and the butter margarine. Mix until just combined. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 minutes. Remove cake from oven and drizzle with glaze. To Make Glaze: Combine the confectioners' sugar, milk and vanilla. Stir until smooth. Drizzle over the cake while it is still warm. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Combine the chocolate wafer cookie crumbs, pecans and butter or margarine and mix well. Press into the bottom and 1/2 up the sides of one 9 inch springform pan. In a large bowl, with and electric mixer on medium speed, beat together the cream cheese and brown sugar substitute until fluffy. Beat in the eggs, vanilla and espresso until smooth and well blended. Approximately 2 minutes. Add the flour and sour cream and beat until smooth. Scrape filling into the prepared crust and smooth top. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 15 minutes then reduce oven temperature to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) and continue baking for 25 to 30 minutes or until cheesecake is set around the edges but still jiggles slightly in the center. Let cake cool for 2 to 3 hours then refrigerate until well chilled. Approximately 6 hours or overnight. One hour before serving, run a knife around the edge of the pan and remove the cake from the springform pan. Slice and serve. 
Mix and bake cake mix as per package instruction for two 8 or 9 inch round layers. Let layers cool, and then split each layer in half so as to have 4 layers. In a large bowl, whip cream cheese until soft, and then gradually mix in confectioners' sugar. Stir in the pineapple with juice and the drained mandarin oranges, reserving about 5 mandarin orange slices to decorate the top of cake. Mix in the dry pudding mix. Fold in the whipped topping. Place one cake layer on a cake plate cut side up; spread with frosting. Place another layer cut side down on the first one, and top with more frosting. Repeat until all layers are used, spreading last bit of frosting on top and sides of cake. Decorate with reserved mandarin orange slices. Refrigerate overnight before serving. 
Heat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Grease bottoms only of 12 muffin cups or line with baking cups. In a medium bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt; mix well. In a small bowl, combine apple juice, oil, and egg; blend well. Add dry ingredients all at once; stir just until dry ingredients are moistened (batter will be lumpy.) Stir in chopped apples. Fill cups 2/3 full. Bake for 18 to 22 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 1 minute before removing from pan. Serve warm. 
Heat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Grease bottoms only of 12 muffin cups or line with baking cups. In a medium bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, blueberries, grated lemon zest and salt; mix well. In a small bowl, combine milk, oil and egg; blend well. Add dry ingredients all at once; stir just until dry ingredients are moistened (batter will be lumpy.) Fill cups 2/3 full. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 1 minute before removing from pan. Serve warm. 
Heat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Grease bottoms only of 12 muffin cups or line with baking cups. In a medium bowl, combine flour, 1/2 cup sugar, baking powder, chocolate chips, and salt; mix well. In a small bowl, combine milk, oil and egg; blend well. Add dry ingredients all at once; stir just until dry ingredients are moistened (batter will be lumpy.) Fill cups 2/3 full. Sprinkle tops of muffins before baking with a combination of 3 tablespoons sugar and 2 tablespoon brown sugar. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 1 minute before removing from pan. Serve warm. 
Heat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Grease bottoms only of 12 muffin cups or line with baking cups. In a medium bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder and salt; mix well. In a small bowl, combine milk, oil and egg; blend well. Add dry ingredients all at once; stir just until dry ingredients are moistened (batter will be lumpy.) Fill cups 2/3 full. Place 1/2 teaspoon any flavor jam on each muffin before baking; press into batter. If desired, sprinkle with finely chopped nuts. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 1 minute before removing from pan. Serve warm. 
Heat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Grease bottoms only of 12 muffin cups or line with baking cups. In a medium bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, lemon zest and salt; mix well. In a small bowl, combine milk, oil and egg; blend well. Add dry ingredients all at once; stir just until dry ingredients are moistened (batter will be lumpy.) Fill cups 2/3 full. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 1 minute before removing from pan. Serve warm. 
Heat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Grease bottoms only of 12 muffin cups or line with baking cups. In a medium bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, orange peel and salt; mix well. In a small bowl, combine orange juice, oil and egg; blend well. Add dry ingredients all at once; stir just until dry ingredients are moistened (batter will be lumpy.) Fill cups 2/3 full. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 1 minute before removing from pan. Serve warm. 
Heat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Grease bottoms only of 12 muffin cups or line with baking cups. In a medium bowl, combine flour, 1/2 cup white sugar, baking powder and salt; mix well. In a small bowl, combine milk, oil and egg; blend well. Add dry ingredients all at once; stir just until dry ingredients are moistened (batter will be lumpy.) Fill cups 2/3 full. In small bowl, blend 1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon butter (softened), 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon and 1/4 cup chopped nuts or flaked coconut with fork until crumbly. Sprinkle over muffins before baking. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 1 minute before removing from pan. Serve warm. 
Heat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Grease bottoms only of 12 muffin cups or line with baking cups. In a medium bowl, combine flour, 1/2 cup sugar, baking powder and salt; mix well. In a small bowl, combine milk, oil and egg; blend well. Add dry ingredients all at once; stir just until dry ingredients are moistened (batter will be lumpy.) Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 1 minute before removing from pan. Brush tops of hot muffins with 2 tablespoons melted butter. Dip in mixture of 1/4 cup sugar and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon. Serve warm. 
Heat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Grease bottoms only of 12 muffin cups or line with baking cups. In a medium bowl, combine flours, sugar, baking powder and salt; mix well. In a small bowl, combine milk, oil and egg; blend well. Add dry ingredients all at once; stir just until dry ingredients are moistened (batter will be lumpy.) Fill cups 2/3 full. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 1 minute before removing from pan. Serve warm. 
Grease one 9x13 inch pan. Combine all the ingredients and mix well. Spread batter into the prepared pan. Let cake stand in a cool place and age for at least one week before serving. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line the bottom of one ungreased 9x13 inch baking pan with the diced rhubarb. Sprinkle the white sugar over the top. Then sprinkle the raspberry gelatin over the top of the sugar. Next sprinkle the cake mix over the top of the gelatin. Melt the butter or margarine and pour it over the top of the cake mix. Pour the water over the top of the cake. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes. If you are using frozen rhubarb reduce the amount of water used to 1/2 cup. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9x13 inch cake pan. In a mixing bowl; beat oil and eggs with an electric mixer until creamy. Add the sugar and vanilla and beat well. Combine the flour salt, baking soda, and ground cinnamon together in a bowl. Slowly add this mixture to the egg mixture and mix until combined. The batter will be very thick. Fold in the apples by hand using a wooden spoon. Spread batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes or until cake tests done. Let cake cool on a wire rack. Once cake is cool serve with a dusting of confectioners' sugar or with a Cream Cheese Frosting. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch tube pan. Combine cake mix and pudding mix. In another bowl beat eggs, water, oil and rum until frothy. Add cake mix/pudding mixture and beat until well mixed. Spread pecans evenly over the bottom of the prepared pan and pour batter over pecans. Bake cake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 60 minutes or until a toothpick comes out dry when inserted in the center. Allow to cool in pan for 5 minutes and remove from pan. Place in serving dish immediately, right side up. (Pecans should be on the bottom) To Make Glaze: During the last 15 to 20 minutes of baking time, combine butter or margarine, water and sugar in a sauce pan and bring to boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium and boil rapidly until it's very thick and syrupy stirring very frequently. The syrup must be reduced quite a bit and very thick otherwise it will make the cake mushy. Remove from heat and add rum. While cake is still hot, poke holes all over top of cake with a toothpick and spoon glaze over top of cake. Allow cake to sit at room temperature for one day then refrigerate. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F(175 degrees C). Grease two 9 inch round cake pans. Sift flour, baking powder, salt, baking soda and 1 1/2 cups of the white sugar together in a large mixing bowl. Add 1/2 cup of the shortening and 1-1/4 cup of the evaporated milk. Beat at medium speed with an electric mixer for 2 minutes. Beat in the eggs and beat for 2 minutes longer. Spread the batter evenly into the prepared pans. Drizzle 1 square of the melted chocolate in a spiral on top of each cake. Feather lines with a knife to form a web pattern. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 40 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Let cakes cool in pans for 10 minutes then remove from pans and let cakes cool completely. To Make Filling: Combine the 2 squares unsweetened melted chocolate, 1 1/3 cups shortening, 1 cup white sugar, 3/4 cup evaporated milk and the vanilla together and beat with an electric mixer until smooth. To Assemble Cake: Cut each cooled cake layer in half horizontally. Spread 1/4 of the filling between each layer making a 4 layer cake with a web design on top. Frost sides with the remaining filling. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees (175 degrees C). Grease one 10 inch bundt pan. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of white sugar in the bundt pan. Chop four squares of the white chocolate and melted 4 of the others. Set aside. In a mixing bowl, cream butter and 2 cups of the sugar until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in extracts and the melted white chocolate. Combine flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda; add to the creamed mixture alternately with the sour cream. Beat just until combined. Pour 1/3 of the batter into the prepared pan and sprinkle with 1/2 of the chopped white chocolate. Repeat. Pour remaining batter on top. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 55 to 60 minutes or until a knife inserted near the center comes out clean. Melt chocolate in the top of two double boilers or in bowls in the microwave. Stir until smooth. Set aside to cool. Let cake cool in pan for 10 minutes then remove from pan and let cool on a wire rack completely. Once cool place cake on a serving dish and drizzle with melted white and semisweet chocolate. Garnish with strawberries, if desired. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x9-inch baking pan. Beat butter and 1/2 cup white sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg yolks. Combine flour, baking powder and salt in bowl. Add flour mixture to butter mixture in two parts, alternating with milk and vanilla, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Spread in the prepared pan. To Make Topping: Beat egg whites until soft peaks form; add 1/2 cup of the white sugar gradually, and beat until egg whites are stiff. Fold in the coconut. Put spoonfuls here and there over batter, smoothing as best you can. Bake in preheated oven until meringue topping starts to brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Grease one 10 inch tube pan and sprinkle the almonds evenly over the bottom. Separate the eggs. In a bowl, beat the egg whites with the cream of tartar until stiff. Set aside. In a large bowl, cream the butter with the sugar. Beat in the egg yolks, then the vanilla, almond extract, lemon juice, lemon rind, and milk. In another bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder, and baking soda. Beat into the creamed mixture. Stir in about 1/3 of the egg whites to lighten the batter and then fold in the rest gently but thoroughly. Turn batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) for 1-1/2 hours or until cake tests done when a toothpick inserted neat the center comes out clean. As soon as you remove the cake from the oven, sprinkle the top evenly with the rum. Transfer to a rack to cool. Makes about 14 servings. 
Place all the raisins in a small bowl with the rum and let sit overnight or at least 4 hours. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13-inch baking pan. In a large bowl, beat butter and sugar with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs one at a time; mix in applesauce. In another bowl, stir together the flours, cornstarch, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt, and cocoa. Gradually add flour into the batter, mixing until fully incorporated. Stir in the raisins, along with any rum that was not absorbed, and the walnuts. Turn batter into the prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven until a tester inserted in the middle of the cake comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Cool on wire rack. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Butter a 9 inch round cake pan or 9 1/2 inch springform pan. Using a fork, work flour with brown sugar and butter in a large bowl until crumbly. Stir in nuts. Divide mixture in half. Evenly press half into pan bottom to form a crust. Stir baking soda, cinnamon, and salt into remaining crumb mixture until blended, then make a well in the center. In a small bowl, lightly beat egg with sour cream and vanilla until smooth. Add to flour mixture, stirring just until combined. Fold in apples. Evenly spread batter over crumb mixture. Bake until a cake tester inserted into center comes out fairly clean, about 1 hour and 20 minutes. If top gets too brown before cake is baked, lightly lay a piece of foil over top for last 10 to 20 minutes of baking. Cool in pan on a rack. Serve with Brown Sugar Sauce. Cake keeps well at room temperature for a day. Covered, it freezes well and is easily cut while still frozen. 
Melt butter in a small saucepan set over medium heat. In a medium-size bowl, stir flour with sugar. Then whisk into melted butter until mixture is moistened. Stir in milk until smooth. Cook, whisking frequently, until thickened and smooth, about 5 minutes. Stir in brandy and vanilla. Remove from heat. Serve right away over Apple Coffee Cake with Brown Sugar Sauce. Or cover and refrigerate for a week or more. Reheat just before serving. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour three 9 inch round cake pans. Separate the eggs. Set the egg yolks aside and beat the egg whites until stiff peaks form. Cream 2 1/'4 cups sugar, vanilla, and shortening. Add the egg yolks and beat till smooth. Sift together the cocoa, cake flour, baking soda, and salt. Then add dry ingredients alternately with buttermilk to creamy mixture. Lastly, fold in beaten egg whites. Pour into 3 greased and floured cake pans. Bake 20-25 minutes in 325 degree F (165 degrees C) oven, or until done. To Make Icing: Cook 2 cups white sugar, 1 cup cream and 1/2 cup butter or margarine over low flame until mixture forms a soft ball in water. Remove from heat, beat about 5 or 6 strokes to make mixture smooth. Cool, spread between and on layers while lukewarm. This hardens when cold. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Beat cream cheese and blue cheese in large mixing bowl until light and fluffy--about 5 minutes. Mix in 1 cup sour cream and pepper. Add eggs - one at a time - mixing well after each addition. Pour mixture into buttered 9 inch springform pan. Bake 60 - 65 minutes or until wooden pick inserted near center comes out clean. Remove from oven and let stand 5 minutes. Carefully spread 1 1/4 cup sour cream over top. Return to oven 5 minutes. Cool completely on wire rack. Refrigerate several hours or overnight. To serve, place on serving plate. Carefully remove sides of pan. Decorate top with red pepper cut into flower shapes with small cookie cutter and green onion tops as stems. 
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour three 9 inch round cake pans. In a large bowl, dissolve the gelatin in cold water; stir in the cake mix, eggs, vegetable oil, flour and 1/2 of the strawberries. Beat for 5 minutes on the medium speed of an electric mixer. Divide the batter evenly between the prepared cake pans. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the layers spring back when lightly pressed in the center. Cool cakes in the pans on wire racks. To Make Frosting: Cream the butter, sugar and the remaining half of the strawberries in a medium bowl until light and fluffy, adding additional confectioners' sugar if needed for a spreadable consistency. Spread the frosting between layers and over the top and sides of cake. 
Combine cake mix, undrained fruit, 1 cup coconut and eggs. Blend; beat at medium speed for 2 minutes and pour into a greased 9 x 13 inch pan. Sprinkle with brown sugar and nuts. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 45 minutes. Bring butter, sugar and milk to a boil. Boil 1 minute. Stir in 1/2 cup coconut. Spoon over warm cake. Top with prepared whipped topping, if desired. 
Sift together flour, 1 cup sugar, salt, and baking soda. Beat 2 eggs and pour over dry mixture. Add fruit cocktail. Stir together. Grease and flour pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 45 minutes. Over low heat, cook together 1 cup sugar, 1 cup milk, 1/2 cup butter or margarine and coconut. Pour over cake while still hot. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In ungreased 9 x 9 inch square pan stir together flour, sugar, 2 Tablespoons cocoa, baking powder and salt. Mix in milk, oil, and vanilla with fork until smooth. Stir in nuts. Spread evenly in pan. Sprinkle with brown sugar and 1/4 cup cocoa. Pour hot water over batter. Bake 40 minutes. Let stand 15 minutes; cut into squares. Invert each square onto dessert plate. Top with ice cream and spoon sauce over each serving. 
Combine gelatin and cold water; let stand until thick. Place gelatin mixture in top of double boiler and heat until dissolved. Add glucose and glycerin, mix well. Stir in shortening and just before completely melted, remove from heat and stir in vanilla. Mixture should cool until lukewarm. Place 4 cups confectioners' sugar in a large bowl. Make a well in the center and using a wooden spoon, stir in the lukewarm gelatin mixture. Mix in sugar and add more a little at a time, until stickiness disappears. Knead in remaining sugar. Knead until the fondant is smooth, pliable and does not stick to your hands. If fondant is too soft, add more sugar; if too stiff, add water (a drop at a time). Use fondant immediately or store in airtight container in fridge. When ready to use, bring to room temperature and knead again until soft. 
Combine flour and white sugar in a large bowl and set aside. Put 1/2 cup buttermilk into a large glass and add baking soda, stir until combined, set aside. In medium sauce pan over medium heat combine water, shortening, 1/2 cup butter and 4 tablespoons cocoa. Stir until shortening and butter are melted. Allow to boil over medium heat for 5 minutes. Add chocolate mixture to dry ingredients mix until well combined. Add buttermilk baking soda mixture, stir until blended. Add eggs and mix at medium speed of electric mixer until well blended. Add 1 teaspoon vanilla and mix well. Pour into a 9 x 13 inch pan that has been sprayed with cooking spray. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 minutes. To Make Frosting: Combine 1/2 cup butter, 1/3 cup buttermilk, and 3 tablespoons cocoa in medium sauce pan, allow to come to a boil over medium heat. Remove from heat and add confectioners' sugar and mix well, add 1 teaspoon vanilla and chopped nuts. Pour over hot cake. Allow cake to cool. The longer this sets the better it gets! 
For crust, combine graham cracker crumbs, 1/3 cup sugar, ground walnuts, cinnamon, and melted butter. Press onto bottom and part way up the sides of a 9-inch springform pan. Chill crust while preparing filling. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Beat cottage cheese in small mixing bowl with an electric mixer on high speed until almost smooth, about 5 minutes; set aside. Beat cream cheese in large mixing bowl until light and fluffy. On medium speed, beat in Swiss cheese and cottage cheese until well-blended, about 3 minutes. Mix in 1 cup sugar, vanilla, almond extract, and salt. Beat in egg yolks, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Gradually blend in flour. Wash egg beaters well, so no trace of batter remains. In a separate bowl, beat egg whites until medium-stiff peaks form. Lift the beater straight up: the tip of the peak formed by the egg whites should curl over slightly. Fold 1/3 of the egg white mixture into the cheesecake batter to lighten; fold in remaining egg whites. Pour batter into prepared crust. Bake in preheated oven until center is set and doesn't jiggle when pan is shaken gently, 60 to 65 minutes. Turn oven heat off. Open oven door and let cheesecake cool in oven. It is normal for the cake to sink slightly in center. Refrigerate several hours or overnight. Place cake on serving plate; carefully remove sides of pan. For glaze, place pear slices in a decorative pattern on top of cheesecake. Heat currant jelly in small saucepan over low heat, stirring constantly, until melted. Spoon small amount over pear slices until all slices are coated; reserve remaining jelly. Refrigerate glazed cake at least one hour. To serve, reheat jelly and spoon a small amount over each slice of cheesecake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a food processor or blender, crush the gingersnaps with the 2 tablespoons sugar. Add the egg white and process long enough to moisten the mixture. Press the crumbs into the bottom and up the sides of an 8- or 9-inch springform pan to form a thin layer. If the crumbs are too sticky, use a sheet of waxed paper between the crust and your fingers to press the crumbs into place. Bake until the crust is brown and firm to the touch, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven. If the crust slides down the side of the pan, use a rubber spatula or the back of a spoon to press it in place. Reduce oven heat to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Fill an oven-proof dish with about 1 inch of warm water and place it at the back of the oven to provide steam for the cheesecake while it bakes. Clean the food processor or blender. Add the cream cheese, cottage cheese, ricotta cheese and cornstarch. Blend until the mixture is smooth. Add the honey, vanilla and blend again. Add the egg substitute, blending until the mixture is smooth and even colored. Pour into the prepared crust. Bake 20 minutes on the lower rack of the oven. Reduce oven temperature to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C) and bake 60 minutes longer or until the sides are set and the center is fluid but not sloshing. Turn off the oven and allow the cake to cool 1 hour in the oven. Remove and cool to room temperature. Chill covered overnight before slicing. The cake will continue to set in the refrigerator so don't worry if the center doesn't appear to be firm when you remove it from the oven. If desired, serve the cheesecake with a sauce made from thawed frozen strawberries or raspberries. Place the berries in a food processor or blender and puree until smooth. Add sugar (or sugar substitute) to taste, if desired. 
Combine crumbs, 2 tablespoons sugar and butter. Pat mixture into the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan. Mash cream cheese until soft and creamy. Gradually beat in sour cream, 3/4 cup sugar, vanilla and flour. Beat in eggs one at a time. Pour mixture into crumb-lined pan. Bake in a preheated 325 degree F (165 degrees C) oven for 1 hour or until firm to the touch. Cool and then remove cake from pan by loosening edges with a knife. Place frozen blueberries on top of cake. Melt jelly and spoon over blueberries to glaze. Chill until ready to serve. 
Bring to boil butter, cocoa, and cola drink. Remove from heat and stir in confectioners' sugar, chopped nuts, and vanilla. Top cake while hot. 
For the crust, combine the zwieback crumbs, 1/3 cup sugar, nutmeg, and melted butter. Press onto bottom and part way up sides of a 9-inch springform pan. Chill crust while preparing filling. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). For the filling, beat cream cheese in large mixer bowl until fluffy. Stir in Colby cheese, 3/4 cup sugar, flour, milk, vanilla, and salt. Beat on medium speed of mixer until well-blended, about 3 minutes. Beat in eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Pour into chilled crust. Bake for 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Bake until the center of the cheesecake is set, about 40 minutes. Remove from oven and let stand 10 minutes. Spread yogurt over top. Return to oven and bake 10 minutes. Cool completely on wire rack. Chill several hours or overnight. To serve, place the cake on a serving plate and carefully remove the sides of the pan. 
In a medium bowl, stir together vanilla wafer crumbs and butter. Press the mixture into the bottom and 1 3/4 inch up the sides of an 8 inch springform pan. Set aside. In a large bowl, stir together cream cheese, 3/4 cup sugar, flour, and vanilla. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed until smooth. Set aside. Place cottage cheese in a blender or food processor. Blend until smooth. Stir into cream cheese mixture. Stir in the 1/4 cup cherry brandy. Beat in eggs on low speed just till combined. You do not want do incorporate too much air into the batter. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Pour half of the cheese mixture into the crust-lined pan. Spread 1 cup of the fruit on top. Top with remaining cheese mixture and 1/2 cup of the fruit. Place in a shallow baking pan in the preheated oven. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes or till center appears nearly set when shaken. Cool on a wire rack for 15 minutes. Loosen sides. Cool completely on wire rack. Cover and chill for at least 4 hours, or until ready to serve. For topping, in a medium bowl combine remaining 2 cups fruit, 1 tablespoon cherry brandy, and 1 tablespoon sugar. Cover and chill for up to 2 hours. To serve, cut cheesecake into wedges. Top each serving with fruit topping. 
To make cracker crust, stir together cracker crumbs and 1/3 c sugar. Blend in 1/3 cup melted butter or margarine. Press mixture onto bottom and halfway up side of 9 inch springform pan. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). In large mixer bowl, beat cream cheese, 3/4 cup sugar, cocoa, and 1 teaspoon vanilla until light and fluffy. Add eggs; blend well. Stir in chocolate chips. Pour into the prepared crust. Bake for 20 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool for 15 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). In a small bowl, stir together sour cream, remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and remaining 2 teaspoons vanilla. Stir until smooth. Spread evenly over baked filling. Bake 10 minutes. Remove from oven to wire rack. With knife, loosen cake from side of pan. Cool completely; remove side of pan. Refrigerate before serving. Cover; refrigerate leftovers -- If any. 
Prepare crumb crust by combining cracker or wafer crumbs, butter or margarine, and 2 tablespoons sugar. Press mixture into bottom and 2 inches up sides of a 9 inch springform pan. Refrigerate. Melt chocolate chips in top of a double boiler over hot water. Set aside. Beat cream cheese and 1 cup sugar in a large mixing bowl until smooth and creamy. Blend in eggs. Gradually pour in chocolate mixture beating on low speed until well-blended. Add 1/2 cup sour cream, flour, vanilla. Blend until smooth. Pour into prepared crust. Bake in a preheated oven at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 55 - 60 minutes or until filling is firm. Turn oven off. Cool cheesecake 1 hour without opening door. Cool completely. Chill several hours or over night. Garnish just before serving with sweetened sour cream made by combining 1 tablespoon sugar with 1/2 cup sour cream. 
Cream together 3/4 cup sugar and butter. Add the milk and vanilla and mix. Sift together the flour, salt, baking powder, and 3 tablespoons cocoa, and add to the mixture. Spread into a greased 9 x 9 inch pan. The batter will be thick. Combine 1/2 cup white sugar, 1/2 cup brown sugar, and 1/4 cup cocoa. Sprinkle this over the batter. Finally, pour 1 1/4 cups boiling double strength coffee or water evenly over all. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 30 minutes. Serves 6 to 8. 
In a bowl, mix crumbs and butter to blend thoroughly. Press evenly onto bottom of 9-inch springform pan. Arrange strawberry halves around the pan side-by-side, pointed ends up, with cut sides against the side of pan; set aside. Place chocolate chips in blender container. Pour water and corn syrup into a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and simmer for 1 minute. Immediately pour over chocolate chips and blend until smooth. Pour into a mixing bowl and cool to room temperature. While chocolate cools, whip 1 1/2 cups of the cream to form stiff peaks. Use a rubber spatula or large whisk to fold 1/3 of the whipped cream into the cooled chocolate to lighten it. Gently fold in the remaining whipped cream until mixture is thoroughly blended. Transfer the mousse into the prepared pan and smooth the top. The points of the strawberries might extend about the chocolate mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 4 to 24 hours. Up to 2 hours before serving, in a medium mixing bowl, beat remaining 1/2 cup of cream to form soft peaks. Add sugar. Beat to form stiff peaks. Remove the side of the springform pan and place the cake on a serving plate. Pipe or dollop whipped cream onto top of cake. Arrange remaining halved strawberries on whipped cream. To serve, cut into wedges with thin knife, wiping blade between cuts. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine and sift together 2 cups flour, 2 cups sugar, cocoa, salt, baking soda and baking powder. In a small bowl, blend together eggs, oil, 1 cup milk and 1 teaspoon vanilla; combine with dry ingredients. Mix thoroughly and then stir in one cup cold coffee (may use instant coffee). Batter will be very thin but it bakes into a rich, dark, moist cake. Pour into a greased 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake for about 40 minutes. To Make Whipped Cream Frosting: Combine 1/4 cup flour and 1 cup milk, adding milk slowly and beating until smooth. Set over moderate heat and stir constantly until thickened. Set aside to chill completely. Combine 1 1/2 cups confectioners sugar with 1/2 cup butter and 1/2 cup shortening beating until light and fluffy; stir in well cooled flour-milk mixture and beat at high speed until thick and creamy. Add 1 teaspoon vanilla and beat until thoroughly combined. Spread frosting over cooled cake. Enjoy! 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine cake mix, pudding mix, oil, eggs, and sour cream or yogurt in large mixing bowl. With mixer at low speed, blend just to moisten, scraping sides of bowl often. Then beat at medium speed for 4 minutes. Stir in miniature chocolate chips and 1 cup pecans. Pour batter into 2 greased and floured (or substitute granulated sugar for flour) 9 x 5-inch loaf pans. Combine 1/4 cup sugar, 1/4 cup pecans and 1 teaspoon cinnamon. Sprinkle equally on the batter. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until cake tester inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pans on wire rack for 15 minutes. Remove from pans and finish cooling on wire racks. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour a 13 x 9 inch cake pan. In a large bowl, blend cake mix, water, egg substitute, vanilla extract and butter flavor on low speed until moistened. Beat on medium speed for 2 minutes. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool and cut into squares. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9-inch round pans. Beat shortening and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, mixing until fully incorporated. Stir in butter flavoring. Make a paste with food coloring and cocoa and add to the shortening mixture. Mix buttermilk, salt, baking soda and vinegar; add to batter alternating with the flour mixture. Divide batter into prepared pans. Bake in preheated oven until cake springs back when touched lightly with a finger or tester comes out clean, 20 to 30 minutes. Cook completely on wire rack. To Make Cream Cheese Frosting: beat butter and cream cheese with an electric mixer until smooth. Gradually beat in confectioners' sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Mix until well blended. 
Cream brown sugar and 1 cup butter, add eggs 1 at a time; beat well. Add mashed bananas and flour and salt, baking soda along with 1 cup sour cream . Add vanilla and nuts last. Pour batter into 3 - 9 inch pans or a 13 x 9 inch pan. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven until cake tests done with a tooth pick, about 30 to 40 minutes for the 9 inch round cakes or about 40 to 50 minutes for the 13 x 9 inch cake.. To make Frosting: Mix 1/2 cup of butter or margarine, 4 cups of confectioners' sugar and 1/4 cup sour cream (more if needed). Add 1 teaspoon vanilla and beat until fluffy. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). In a saucepan over medium heat, melt butter and 6 ounces semi sweet chocolate, stirring until blended. Remove from heat and let cool. In a large bowl, beat eggs and sugar on high speed of electric mixer for about 3 minutes, until thick and lemon-colored. Stir together ground walnuts and flour; gradually stir into egg mixture. Stir 3 tablespoons coffee liqueur and the vanilla extract into the chocolate mixture, then stir into the batter until well blended. Pour batter into a 9 inch springform pan. Bake for 35 to 45 minutes in the preheated oven or until top is set. Cool cake in pan. Remove metal ring and place cake on a serving plate. Dust the top with confectioners' sugar. Stir together 2 ounces melted chocolate and 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur. Drizzle over cake. 
To make Crust: In a bowl stir together the graham cracker crumbs and 2 tablespoons sugar, stir in the butter well. Pat the mixture into the bottom and 1/2 inch up the side of a buttered 10 inch springform pan and bake the crust in a preheated 375 degree F (190 degree C) oven for 8 minutes. Transfer the pan to a rack and cool. In a large bowl with an electric mixer, beat cream cheese and 3/4 cup sugar until smooth, beat in the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in the sour cream, flour, lime juice and vanilla. Beat the mixture until it is smooth. Pour the filling over the crust. Bake the cheesecake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes, reduce the temperature to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C) and bake for 50 to 55 minutes longer, or until center is barely set. Let the cheesecake cool on a rack, then chill it, covered, overnight. Remove the cheesecake from the pan and transfer it to a cake stand. 
Grease and flour four 9 inch cake pans. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Sift together flour, cream of tartar, and baking powder four times. Set aside. Beat 8 egg yolks with a rotary or electric beater until very thick, light, and creamy. Add the 2 cups sugar, a few tablespoons at a time, and continue beating until mixture is smooth and pale yellow. Stir in 1 grated lemon rind and juice of 1 lemon. Quickly fold in the flour mixture until well incorporated. In a large glass or metal mixing bowl, whip the 8 egg whites until peaks form. Fold 1/3 of the whites into the batter, then quickly fold in remaining whites until no streaks remain. Spoon into cake pans and bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until cake begins to pull away from sides of pans. Loosen edges with a knife and turn out on cake racks to cool while you prepare the filling and frosting. To Make Lemon Jelly Filling: Mix 6 egg yolks with 2 cups sugar, grated rind of 2 lemons, and juice of 4 lemons. Cook over boiling water, stirring constantly, until sugar dissolves. Add 1/2 cup butter and continue cooking, stirring constantly, for 20 minutes or until filling is smooth and very thick. Cool, then spread between layers of cooled cake. To Make Lemon-Orange Frosting: Beat the 1/4 cup butter until it has the appearance of thick cream, stir in 6 cups confectioners sugar, a little at a time, and continue working until mixture is very smooth. Beat in 1 egg yolk and 2 tablespoons lemon juice. Stir in enough orange juice to make a spreadable frosting, then add grated rind of 1 lemon and 2 grated orange rinds. Spread on sides and top of cake. 
Mix egg yolks with sugar, grated rinds from 2 lemons, and juice from 4 lemons and cook over boiling water, stirring constantly, until sugar dissolves. Add butter and continue cooking, stirring constantly, for 20 minutes or until filling is smooth and very thick. Cool, then spread between layers of cooled cake. 
Beat the butter until it has the appearance of thick cream, stir in confectioners sugar, a little at a time, and continue working until mixture is very smooth. Beat in egg yolk and lemon juice. Stir in enough orange juice to make a spreadable frosting, then add grated rind of 1 lemon and 2 grated orange rinds. Spread on sides and top of cake. 
Grease and flour bottoms of three 9 inch layer pans. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Melt 1/4 cup butter in heavy skillet over medium heat. Add pecans and brown 10 to 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Sift flour with baking powder and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Cream remaining butter in large mixing bowl. Gradually add 2 cups sugar; cream at high speed of mixer until light and fluffy. At medium speed blend in eggs, one at a time, beating well after each. At low speed add sifted dry ingredients alternately with milk and vanilla extract, beginning and ending with dry ingredients. Blend well after each addition. Stir in 1 1/3 cups pecans. Pour batter into pans. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until cake is golden brown and springs back when lightly touched in center. When cool, blend remaining pecans with Creamy Butter Frosting; spread between layers and on top. To Make Creamy Butter Frosting: Cream 1/4 cup butter or margarine in mixing bowl. Add 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, salt, 4 cups confectioners' sugar and 1/3 to 1/2 cup cream. Beat until smooth and of spreading consistency. If necessary, thin with additional cream. 
In a large bowl, cream the butter or margarine with the brown sugar. Beat in the eggs, then the honey, lemon rind, and coffee. In another bowl, stir together the flours, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg. Beat into the creamed mixture. Stir in the apples and walnuts. Turn the batter into a greased and floured tube pan. Bake the cake into a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 1 hour and 10 minutes, or until it tests done with a toothpick. Let cool on a rack. Makes 16 servings. 
In a large bowl, cream 3/4 cup butter or margarine with the granulated sugar. Beat in the eggs, then the sour cream and vanilla. In another bowl, stir together the 3 cups flour, salt, and baking powder. Beat into the creamed mixture. Turn half the batter into a greased and floured tube pan. Sprinkle with half the streusel mixture. To Make Streusel: Mix together 1/2 cup flour, 1/4 teaspoon baking powder, ground cinnamon, brown sugar, 2 tablespoons butter or margarine, and 1/4 cup chopped walnuts until crumbly. Lay the apple slices on top and dot with the jelly. Cover with the remaining batter and sprinkle with the remaining streusel. Bake the cake in a 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 1 hour, or until it tests done with a toothpick. Transfer to a rack to cool. Makes 16 servings. 
In a bowl, cream the butter or margarine with the sugar. Beat in the milk, applesauce, and 2 tablespoons of rum. In another bowl, stir together the flour, cocoa, baking soda, spices, and salt. Beat into the creamed mixture and then stir in the raisins and pecans. Turn the batter into a greased and floured 9x13 inch baking pan. Bake the cake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 45 minutes, or until it tests done with a toothpick. Immediately after removing the cake from the oven, sprinkle it with the remaining 1/4 cup rum. Let cool on a rack. This cake improves if allowed to sit for a day or so before eating. Serves 20. 
In a bowl, cream the butter with the sugar. Beat in the eggs, then the sour cream, vanilla and orange rind. In another bowl, stir together the flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt. Beat into the creamed mixture just until incorporated and then stir in the almonds. Turn the batter into a greased and floured tube pan. Bake in a 350 degrees F (175 degree C) oven for 1 hour, or until it tests done with a toothpick. Let cool on a rack. Makes 16 servings. 
Separate the eggs and beat the egg whites until stiff, and set aside. In a large bowl, cream the butter with the sugar. Melt the chocolate in the hot water. Beat in the egg yolks, then the melted chocolate, buttermilk, and vanilla. In a bowl, stir together the flour, baking soda, and salt. Beat into the chocolate mixture. Stir in about 1/3 of the egg whites to lighten the batter and then fold in the rest gently but thoroughly. Turn the batter into a greased and floured tube pan. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 1 hour, or until the cake tests done with a toothpick. Let cool on a rack. Makes 16 servings. 
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease and flour muffin pan or use paper liners. Mix sugar, oil, eggs. Add pumpkin and water. In separate bowl mix together the baking flour, baking soda, baking powder, spices and salt. Add wet mixture and stir in chocolate chips. Fill muffin cups 2/3 full with batter. Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes. 
Place coffee and rum in a saucepan and heat to simmer. Add the chocolate and the butter or margarine. Cook, stirring, occasionally, until both are melted. Remove from the heat. In a large bowl, beat the eggs. Gradually beat in the sugar until the mixture is thick. Beat in the vanilla and the chocolate mixture. In another bowl, stir together the flour, baking soda, and salt. Beat into the chocolate mixture. Turn the batter into a greased and floured tube pan. Bake in a preheated 275 degrees F (135 degrees C) oven for 1 1/2 hours, or until the cake tests done with a toothpick. Transfer to a rack to cool. Makes 16 servings. 
Stir together flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt; set aside. In large bowl of electric mixer cream butter, 1 cup sugar and orange and lemon peel until fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, and beat after each until thoroughly blended. At low speed add flour mixture alternately with buttermilk. Fold in walnuts. Spread batter evenly in greased 9 inch tube pan. Bake in center of preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven about 55 to 60 minutes or until pick inserted in center comes out clean, cake shrinks slightly from sides of pan and surface springs back when pressed lightly with finger. Cool pan on rack slightly. In saucepan mix juices, remaining 1 cup sugar and the rum; bring to boil, then pour carefully over cake in pan. Cool, cover; let stand in pan a day or two before serving. 
In a large bowl, beat the egg whites with the cream of tartar until stiff. Gradually beat in 1/4 cup sugar until the mixture is slightly glossy. Set aside. In another large bowl, beat the egg yolks. Gradually beat in the remaining 3/4 cup sugar until the mixture is thick and pale. Beat in the vanilla. In another bowl, stir together the graham cracker crumbs, baking powder, and salt. Beat into the egg yolk mixture. Stir in the walnuts and chocolate. Stir in about 1/3 of the egg whites to lighten the batter and then fold in the rest gently but thoroughly. Turn the batter into a greased and floured 9x13 inch baking pan. Bake the cake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until it tests done with a toothpick. Let cool on a rack. Makes 12 servings. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan. Place the flour in a bowl and mix well; rub in the butter until the pieces are the size of small peas. Stir in the cinnamon and nutmeg. Stir in the walnuts, raisins, and apples. Add the grated lime rind, eggs, and pineapple juice. Beat well until thoroughly combined. Spoon the mixture into the prepared pan and smooth the top. Bake in preheated oven for about 1 1/4 hours, or until a tester inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Turn out and cool on wire rack. 
To Make Starter: Mix 2 cups flour, 1/4 cup sugar, 2 cups warm water, 1/4 ounce yeast in a bowl, cover and let stand over night (cover should be loose). Refrigerate and stir daily. On fifth day feed Herman one cup flour, 1 cup milk and 1/2 cup sugar; stir and refrigerate. Stir daily until 10th day. On 10th day remove 1 cup starter and feed as on fifth day. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease four 8 inch pans or three 9 inch pans. Mix together 1 cup starter, white sugar, self rising flour, salt, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, oil, eggs, raisins, 1 cup chopped nuts, honey (optional). Stir until combined. Pour into prepared pans. Top with sugar-nut topping. Dot with 1/2 cup butter or margarine and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 15 minutes. Remove cakes from oven and pour glaze over still-warm cakes. To Make Sugar-Nut Topping: Mix together 1 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1/4 cup chopped nuts. To Make Glaze: Combine 1 cup sifted confectioners' sugar, 2 tablespoons melted margarine, 2 tablespoons milk. Use immediately to glaze cake. 
Combine all ingredients in bowl. Beat at low speed to mix. Beat at high speed until smooth and fluffy, approximately 5-10 minutes. If too stiff, beat in a few drops of water. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9x13 inch pan. Sift together the flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt; set aside. Separate eggs. Beat egg whites in a clean bowl until stiff peaks form. Cream shortening and sugar in mixing bowl until light and fluffy using electric mixer at medium speed. Blend in the corn syrup and egg yolks. Beat in vanilla. Add dry ingredients alternately with coffee to creamed mixture. Gently fold in egg whites. Pour batter into greased 13x9 inch pan. Bake in preheated 350 degree F (175 degree C) oven for 45 minutes or until cake is done. Cool in pan on rack and frost as desired. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 13x9 inch pan. Sift together flour, nutmeg, soda, cinnamon, and cloves. In another bowl, mix together guava pulp and juice. In another bowl, cream together butter and sugar. Add eggs, one at a time. Add flour mixture and guava mixture alternately to creamed mixture. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30-35 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 13 x 9 inch baking pan. Sift the flour, white sugar and baking soda together. In a saucepan over medium heat bring 1 cup of the butter, 3 tablespoons of the cocoa, and 1 cup of the cola drink to a boil. Pour into the flour mixture and stir in the marshmallows, buttermilk and the beaten eggs. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes. Remove cake from oven and top with Coco-Cola Topping while cake is still warm. To Make Coco-Cola Topping: In a saucepan bring 1/2 cup of the butter or margarine, 6 tablespoons of the cola drink and 3 tablespoons of the cocoa to a boil. Remove from the heat and stir in the confectioners' sugar, chopped nuts and vanilla. Spread topping over cake while still warm. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 13x9 inch pan. In a mixing bowl beat cake mix, peanut butter, and brown sugar on low speed until crumbly. Set aside 1/2 cup of mixture. To the remainder add water, eggs, and oil, and beat on high for 2 minutes. Stir in 1/4 cup each of the chocolate chips and the peanut butter chips. Pour into prepared pan. Combine peanuts, remainder of dough mix, and rest of the chips; sprinkle over batter. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 40 minutes. Cool completely. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch tube pan. Combine the ground cinnamon and 5 teaspoons of the sugar together and set aside. In a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, salt, baking powder and 2 cups of the sugar. Stir in the vegetable oil, beaten eggs, orange juice and vanilla. Mix well. Pour 1/2 of the batter into the prepared pan. Top with 1/2 of the sliced apples and sprinkle with 1/2 of the cinnamon sugar mixture. Pour the remaining batter over the top and layer the remaining sliced apples and cinnamon sugar. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 70 to 90 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). To Make Dough Crust: Combine 1 cup of the flour, 1/4 cup of the sugar and 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel. Cut in the butter or margarine until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in the beaten egg yolk and 1/4 teaspoon vanilla. Pat 1/3 of the dough into the bottom of one 9 inch springform pan with the sides removed. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 6 minutes. Let cool then butter sides of pan and attach to bottom. Pat the remaining dough evenly on the sides to a height of 2 inches. To Make Filling: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F (260 degree C). Stir cream cheese to soften, then beat until fluffy add 1/8 teaspoon vanilla and 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon peel. Mix 1 1/2 tablespoons flour, 1/8 teaspoon salt and the remaining sugar together. Gradually blend this mixture into the cream cheese mixture. Add the eggs and the egg yolk one at a time, beating well after each one. Gently stir in the heavy cream. Pour batter into the prepared crust. Bake at 500 degrees F (260 degrees C) for 5 to 8 minutes or until top edge of crust is golden. Reduce heat to 200 degrees F (100 degrees C) and continue baking for 1 hour. Remove cake from oven and cool in pan for at least 3 hours. Remove sides of pan to serve. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 10-inch bundt pan. To Make Filling: Beat egg white with 1 teaspoon vanilla until soft mounds form. Add 1/2 cup sugar gradually, beating until stiff peaks form. Stir in coconut and 1 tablespoon flour. Set filling aside. Dissolve the cocoa in the hot coffee. Separate the three eggs, setting the yolks aside. Beat the egg whites until soft mounds form. Gradually beat in 1/2 cup sugar until meringue stands in medium-stiff peaks. Combine the sour cream and the baking soda. Beat remaining 1 1/4 cups of the sugar, shortening, egg yolks, salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla and 1/2 of the of the cocoa mixture until light and creamy, about 4 minutes. Stir in 2 cups flour, the sour cream mixture, and the remaining cocoa mixture; blend well. Fold about 1/3 of the beaten egg whites into the batter to lighten it; gently fold in remaining egg whites. Turn 1/2 of the chocolate batter into the prepared pan. Place 1/2 of the coconut mixture on top. Cover with the remaining chocolate batter, then the remaining coconut mixture. Bake in preheated oven until a tester inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, 55 to 65 minutes. Let cake cool completely before removing from pan and icing. To Make Icing: Combine 2 cups sugar and 1/4 cup cocoa powder; transfer to a saucepan. Add butter, corn syrup, and milk. Bring to boil over medium heat, stirring frequently, and let boil for 1 minute. Do not overcook! Remove from heat, let cool, and stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla. Beat icing until it is at a soft, spreading consistency; glaze cake. 
Combine sugar, shortening, cream, corn syrup, salt and slivered chocolate in a saucepan. Cook over low heat until chocolate and shortening melt, stirring continuously. Bring to rolling boil 220 degrees F (105 degrees C) and hold one minute. Remove from heat and begin beating and beat until 120 degrees F (49 degrees C). Add vanilla and beat to spreading consistency. 
Lightly grease an 8 inch square baking pan. In a large bowl, cream together the butter, white sugar, and 1/4 cup brown sugar. Beat in the egg until well blended. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon. Stir the flour mixture into the creamed mixture alternately with buttermilk. Spread evenly into the prepared baking pan. In a small bowl, mix 1/4 cup brown sugar, walnuts, and 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon. Sprinkle over the batter. Cover, and refrigerate overnight. The next day, preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake the cake for 40 to 45 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. 
Grease an 8-inch springform pan that will fit inside the pressure cooker. Mix the chocolate wafer crumbs and cinnamon together. Sprinkle the crumb mixture on the bottom of springform pan, pressing gently to form the crust. Melt chocolate and butter together and set aside. With a food processor or electric mixer, process cream cheese until smooth. Add chocolate mixture, and process until mixture is well-mixed and uniformly colored. Pour in the cream, vanilla extract, sugar, and eggs. Beat well. Sieve cocoa powder over batter, and pulse or mix on low speed until cocoa is thoroughly incorporated. Pour mixture over crumbs in pan. Cover cake with a piece of waxed paper. Wrap the entire pan with aluminum foil. Add water to pressure cooker. Place pan on the trivet in pressure cooker. Seal the cooker and bring it up to 15 pounds (high) pressure. Reduce the heat to maintain the pressure, and cook 45 to 50 minutes. Remove cooker from heat, and let the pressure drop on its own. Remove cheesecake from cooker, and let cool to room temperature in pan on a wire rack. Remove cheesecake from pan, and refrigerate for 8 hours before serving. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Combine 1 cup sifted flour, 1/4 cup white sugar, and butter with a pastry blender to make coarse crumbs. With a fork, mix in the lime peel, egg yolk, and 1 teaspoon lime juice. Dough will have a paste-like consistency. Cover the bottom and sides of a 9-inch springform pan with the crust mixture. Bake in preheated oven until slightly brown, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside. Increase oven temperature to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). In a large bowl, combine the cream cheese, 1 1/2 cups white sugar, and 1/2 cup flour; beat until smooth. Blend in eggs one at a time, mixing until fully incorporated before adding the next egg. Mix in 1 cup lime juice, vanilla extract, and salt. Beat until smooth. Pour filling into prepared crust. Bake in preheated oven for 12 minutes. Reduce heat to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Bake until center of the cheesecake doesn't wiggle when the pan is gently shaken, about 1 hour. Remove cake from oven and cool on wire rack. Release spring on the outside rim after 1 hour of cooling time, but do not remove the sides. Loosening the spring will help to prevent the cake from cracking. If you remove the rim, the cake will not hold its shape. Chill the cake several hours before serving. Cake develops better flavor if chilled overnight. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). In a large bowl, mix together 1/4 cup melted butter, wafer crumbs, and white sugar. Press firmly on the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan. In a large bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy. Gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk. Mix in eggs one at a time, blending well after each. Stir in 1/4 cup rum, vanilla extract, and nutmeg. Pour into the prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 40 to 50 minutes, or until set. Cool for about 5 minutes, then run a knife blade carefully around the inside rim of the pan to loosen the cake from the sides. Cool in the pan to room temperature, then refrigerate until completely chilled. Remove from pan before serving. In a small bowl, dissolve the cornstarch in 1 cup of water. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan. Stir in brown sugar and the cornstarch mixture. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Reduce heat, and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from heat, and add 2 tablespoons dark rum. Cool. Just before serving, stir in pecans. Serve sauce with cheesecake. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Using a blender or a food processor, finely chop 1/3 cup semisweet chocolate chips. Transfer ground chocolate to a mixing bowl. Add vanilla wafer crumbs, ground hazelnuts, 2 tablespoons white sugar, and melted butter or margarine. Mix until well combined. Press onto the bottom and up the sides of a 9 inch springform pan. Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes. Allow to cool. Raise oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, beat the cream cheese until fluffy. Gradually add 1 cup white sugar; mix well. Add the eggs and 3 tablespoons liqueur. Mix until well blended. Coarsely chop 1 cup of the semisweet chocolate chips, and stir the chocolate into the cream cheese mixture. Pour batter into the cooled crust. Bake in preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 1 hour. Let cake cool in oven for 1 hour. Remove outer ring from pan; allow cake to cool completely. Melt 2/3 cup semisweet chocolate chips over hot (not boiling) water. Stir until smooth. Dip 13 hazelnuts into the chocolate, covering one-half of each nut. Shake off the excess chocolate. Place on a waxed-paper lined plate and chill until set. Stir the sour cream into the remaining melted chocolate and mix well. Add 1 tablespoon liqueur. Spread glaze on top of the cooled cheesecake. Garnish with chocolate-dipped hazelnuts. 
Sprinkle the bottom of a lightly greased 9 inch springform pan with the graham cracker crumbs. Combine the cream cheese and sugar. Mix at medium speed until well blended. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Blend in the lemon juice, vanilla extract ,and lemon rind. Pour batter into the pan. Bake in a preheated 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 50 minutes. Loosen cake from rim of pan; cool before removing rim of pan. Combine apricot preserves and water in a small saucepan. Heat thoroughly, stirring occasionally. Arrange strawberries on top of the cheesecake. Spoon preserves mixture over strawberries. Chill. 
Put all the raisins in a small bowl, and pour hot water over them. Set the bowl aside. Heat 1/4 cup white sugar with 2 tablespoons water in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Boil the mixture until the bubbles rise to the surface in a random pattern. This indicates that the water has nearly evaporated, and that the sugar is beginning to cook. With a small spoon, drop a bit of the sugar into a bowl filled with ice water. If the sugar dissolves immediately, continue cooking the sugar mixture. Remove from heat when the sugar dropped into the water can be rolled between your fingers into a ball. Begin beating the egg whites with an electric mixer on high speed. Pour the sugar syrup down the side of the bowl in a thin, steady stream. When all the sugar has been incorporated, decrease mixer speed to medium. Continue beating until the egg whites are glossy, have formed stiff peaks, and have cooled to room temperature--about 10 minutes. Increase the speed to high, and beat the meringue for 1 minute more. Puree the yogurt, cream cheese, cottage cheese, vanilla extract, and 1/4 cup white sugar in a food processor or blender. Scrape the cheese mixture into a large bowl. Pour the milk into a small saucepan. Sprinkle the gelatin over the milk. Let it stand until the gelatin softens, about 5 minutes. Heat the milk over a medium heat, stirring until the gelatin is dissolved. Stir the milk into the cheese mixture. Mix about 1/3 of the meringue into the cheese mixture to lighten it. Gently fold in the rest of the meringue. Line an 8 inch cake pan with plastic wrap. Drain the raisins, and scatter them in the bottom of the pan. Then pour the cheesecake batter into the lined pan. Chill for 4 hours. To turn out the cheesecake, invert a serving plate on top of the pan. Turn both over together. Lift away the pan, peel off the plastic wrap, and slice for serving. 
Combine 2 cups graham cracker crumbs, 1/2 cup white sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, and melted butter or margarine. Press firmly into the bottom of a 10 inch springform pan. In a large bowl, blend the cream cheese and 1 1/4 cup white sugar with an electric mixer at medium speed until well blended. Add the eggs, one at a time, blending well. Add vanilla extract. Add 1/2 cup liqueur, and blend for 5 minutes. Pour the filling on top of the crust Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake for approximately 1 hour. The cake should be golden brown, and will have risen to the top of the pan. Turn off the heat, and let cool in the oven for 2 1/2 hours. When cool, remove the rim of the springform pan. In a small bowl, mix the sour cream, confectioners' sugar, and 1 teaspoon liqueur together. Spoon onto the top of the cooled cheesecake. In a small bowl, combine the finely ground pecans, finely ground graham cracker crumbs, 1 1/2 tablespoons white sugar, and cinnamon. Sprinkle the pecan topping on the cheesecake. Carefully press the pecan topping into the sides of the cheesecake. Garnish the top and sides with pecan halves. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a large cookie sheet with sides, or an 11 x 17 inch jelly roll pan. Combine flour, white sugar, baking powder, salt, and cinnamon in a large bowl. Add eggs and oil; stir until moistened. Do not beat. Stir in bananas, 2 teaspoons vanilla, pineapple, and 1 cup pecans. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until done. Cool on a wire rack. Beat 1/2 cup pecans, cream cheese, butter or margarine, confectioners sugar, and 1 teaspoon vanilla together until light and fluffy. Spread over the top of the cooled cake. 
Prepare and bake cake according to directions given on cake mix box using a 9 x 13 inch pan. Cool in pan. Prepare pudding according to directions. Pour on top of cooled cake. Pour cherries on top of pudding. Serve. Refrigerate any leftovers. 
Toss the candied orange peel, walnuts, and raisins with 2 tablespoons flour. Set aside. In a large bowl, cream the butter with the sugar and honey. Beat in the egg, then the cream or milk, rum, and vanilla. Stir together the remaining 1 1/2 cups flour and the baking powder; beat into the creamed mixture. Stir in the fruits and nuts. Turn the batter into a greased and floured 9 x 5 inch loaf pan. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 10 minutes. Lower the heat to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Bake the cake 45 minutes longer, or until it tests done with a toothpick. Transfer to a rack to cool. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a medium bowl combine the flour, sugar, cocoa, soda, and salt--stir to mix well. In a large bowl combine water, oil, vinegar, and vanilla. Dump the dry ingredients into the water mixture and stir with a fork until smooth. DO NOT BEAT. Pour batter into an UNGREASED 9x13 inch pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease one 8x8 inch pan. Cream together 3/4 cup sugar, shortening, and egg. In a separate bowl mix together 2 cups flour, baking powder, and salt. Stir into sugar mixture, alternating with milk. Stir in blueberries. Pour into greased 8x8 inch pan. To make topping: Combine 1/2 cup sugar, 1/3 cup flour, cinnamon, and butter. Sprinkle over cake batter. Bake at 375 degree F (190 degrees C) for 25-30 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9x13 inch pan. Mix together the flour, baking powder and salt; set aside. In a large bowl, cream sugar and shortening until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, beating thoroughly after each addition. Add flour mixture alternately with milk, beating just to combine. finally, stir in vanilla. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 to 45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean. Frost and enjoy. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Empty peaches into the bottom of one 9x13 inch pan. Cover with the dry cake mix and press down firmly. Cut butter into small pieces and place on top of cake mix. Sprinkle top with cinnamon. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 45 minutes. 
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 or 10 inch tube pan. In a large bowl cream the butter or margarine with the sugar. Beat in the eggs then add the water and the vanilla. Stir the flour, cocoa, baking soda, ground cinnamon and ground nutmeg together. Beat this mixture into the creamed mixture. Stir in the chopped apples and the semisweet chocolate chips. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until the cake tests done when a toothpick is inserted near the center. Transfer to a rack to cool. Makes about 16 servings. 
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch tube pan. Place apples, water and 2 tablespoons of the sugar in a saucepan. Cook, covered, over medium heat until tender. Approximately 5 to 10 minutes. Remove apple mixture from heat and set aside. In a large bowl cream the butter with the remaining 2-1/2 cups white sugar. Beat in the eggs, then the apple mixture (including the liquid). Stir the all-purpose flour, wheat flour, baking soda, salt, ground cinnamon, ground nutmeg and ground cloves together. Beat the flour mixture into the apple mixture until just thoroughly moistened. Stir in the raisins. Turn the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 1 hour and 30 minutes or until cake tests done. Let cake cool and rack. Makes about 20 to 24 servings. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter one 9 inch springform pan. Toast the pecans at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 6 minutes. Remove pecans and set aside. Leave oven at 350 degrees C (175 degrees C). In a small saucepan, melt the unsalted butter. Combine vanilla wafer crumbs with the melted butter then press into the bottom of the prepared springform pan. Place the pan onto a cookie sheet and bake for 10 minutes at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Remove and allow to cool. In a double boiler, or a bowl set over barely simmering water, melt the caramels in the evaporated milk. Stir until smooth. Pour this over the cooled crust. Sprinkle the nuts over the top. In a bowl, combine the cheese, sugar, and vanilla and beat until smooth, scraping down the bowl several times. Add the eggs, one at a time and beat until smooth. Melt the chocolate chips in the double boiler and mix into the cheese mixture. Pour the batter over the caramel layer. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 minutes or until barely set. Chill over night in the refrigerator before serving. 
Blend the melted chocolate and milk. Gradually mix in the water, vanilla, and pudding mix, and whisk until smooth. Fold in the heavy cream. Frost the cake immediately, and chill at least 30 minutes before serving. 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 13x 9-inch baking pan. Cream 1/2 cup butter with 1 cup white sugar. Beat in the eggs one at a time, mixing after each until fully incorporated. Stir in the chocolate syrup and vanilla. Mix in the flour and salt; stir until just combined. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a tester comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Let cake cool completely before frosting. To Make Mint Layer: Combine the confectioners' sugar and 1/2 cup butter; beat with an electric mixer until smooth. Pour in the creme de menthe syrup; blend until incorporated. Spread over the top of the cooled cake. To Make The Chocolate Glaze: Melt the chocolate chips and 6 tablespoons butter together over low heat or in a microwave, stirring every 30 seconds. Let cool slightly, then spread over top of the mint layer. Chill cake for at least 3 hours or overnight. Cut into small blocks to serve. Keep cake refrigerated. 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease the bottom only of one 9x9 inch square baking pan. Drain the sour cherries, reserving the liquid. Combine the flour,1 cup of the sugar, baking powder and salt. Beat in the shortening and eggs at medium speed until well blended. Fold in the nuts and 1 cup of the drained cherries. Spread the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes. Serve cake warm or cooled with Cherry Sauce spooned over the top. To Make Cherry Sauce: In a small saucepan combine 1/3 cup sugar, corn starch, remaining cherries and the reserved juice. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally mixture is thick and clear. 
Prepare and bake white cake mix according to package directions. Remove cake from oven. While still hot, using a utility fork, poke holes all over the top of the cake. Mix cream of coconut and sweetened condensed milk together. Pour over the top of the still hot cake. Let cake cool completely then frost with the whipped topping and top with the flaked coconut. Keep cake refrigerated. 
Crush cookies into bite size pieces. Reserve 1 cup for top. Melt butter and mix with rest of cookies. Press into 9x13 pan. Put in freezer for 5 minutes. Blend 1/2 of the whipped topping, all of the cream cheese and confectioners' sugar. Spread over crust and place cake back in freezer. Prepare instant pudding with the milk according to package directions then spread over top of cake. Spread the remaining whipped topping on top of the pudding then sprinkle with the remaining cookies. Keep cake refrigerated. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9 x 13 inch pan. In a large bowl, mix sugar and melted butter or margarine. Add eggs, and beat well. Mix in flour and vanilla. Stir in fruit cocktail. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake for 25 to 35 minutes, or until cake tests done. 
Sift flour, white sugar, soda, salt, baking powder, and spices into a large mixing bowl. Mix in 1/2 cup butter or margarine, buttermilk, and applesauce. Beat for 2 minutes with an electric mixer on medium speed. Beat in eggs. Fold in 3/4 cup chopped nuts. Pour batter into a greased and floured 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 minutes. Mix confectioners' sugar, cream cheese, and vanilla until smooth. Melt 1/4 cup butter over medium heat, and add 1 cup chopped pecans. Keep stirring until browned. Stir cooled pecans into cream cheese mixture. Frost the cooled cake. 
Prepare cake mix as directed on box. Pour batter into 9 x 13 x 2 inch greased baking dish. Set aside. Combine ricotta cheese, sugar, vanilla, and eggs. Blend well. Spread mixture evenly over the top of the cake batter. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 75 minutes if using a glass baking dish, 90 minutes if using a metal pan. Blend pudding mix and milk until thickened. Blend in whipped topping. Spread over cooled cake. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease a 9-inch springform pan with olive oil, and dust with zwieback crumbs. In a large bowl, combine remaining zwieback crumbs, 1/4 cup white sugar, chopped almonds, and olive oil. Press into the bottom of the prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 7 minutes; set aside to cool. Process cottage cheese in food processor until smooth, or press through a fine sieve. In a mixing bowl, combine cottage cheese, 1/2 cup white sugar, flour, salt, egg yolks, sour cream, lemon peel, and lemon juice. Beat at medium speed, scraping the bowl often, until smooth and well blended. In a clean mixing bowl, beat the egg whites until foamy. Gradually add the remaining 1/4 cup white sugar, and continue beating until stiff peaks form. Fold into the cheese mixture. Fold in the raisins. Spread batter evenly into the crust. Bake in preheated oven until center is set, about 90 minutes. Cool in the pan. Chill cheesecake for at least 4 hours or overnight. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Butter a jelly roll pan. Line it with buttered foil or buttered parchment paper. Beat the eggs until thick and lemon colored. Gradually add 1 cup white sugar, beating constantly. Stir in water and vanilla extract. Fold in flour, baking powder, and salt. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake until cake is springy to the touch and beginning to shrink away from the sides of the pan, about 15 minutes. Lay out a tea towel, and sprinkle it with confectioners' sugar. Turn the cake out on the towel. Peel off the paper or foil. Cut away crusty edges with kitchen shears or a sharp paring knife. Roll the cake up in the towel, and leave it to cool. Whip the cream. Add unflavored gelatin and 1 tablespoon sugar. Fold in strawberries. Unroll the cake. Spread with the strawberry cream, and roll up again. Chill cake for at least 1 hour. Before serving, dust cake with confectioners' sugar or top with additional whipped cream. 
Soak prunes overnight in brandy. Melt chocolate and butter or margarine with water. In a large bowl, beat egg yolks and sugar until pale. Stir in chocolate mixture. Gently mix in flour and ground nuts. Stir in prunes. In another bowl, beat egg whites to stiff peaks. Carefully fold into cake mixture. Pour into a greased 9 inch round cake tin. Bake at 375 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 - 40 minutes. Remove from oven, and cool on a wire rack. Frost with Chocolate Ganache Frosting. 
Melt chocolate, cream, butter or margarine, and brandy together until smooth. Allow to cool a little before spreading liberally over cake. 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Oil and flour a 9 inch round pan. In a large bowl, cream the butter or margarine and 1 cup sugar. Beat in 3 eggs. Blend in yogurt. Combine the flour and baking powder; add to the creamed mixture. Stir in 1/4 teaspoon vanilla. Melt 6 chocolate bars; blend into the batter. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 30 minutes, or until the cake tests done. Allow to cool for 10 minutes in the pan. Cut a hole in the center of the cake that does not go all the way through the cake. Melt another 6 sweet chocolate bars, and pour into the hole. Beat cream cheese, 3 eggs, 1/4 teaspoon vanilla, and 3/4 cup sugar together until smooth. Pour over the cake. Bake for 20 minutes. Sprinkle confectioners' sugar on the top of the cake. Return to oven. Bake until the sugar melts and browns. Serve. 
Combine 1 cup sugar, cocoa, water, and 1 teaspoon vanilla in a saucepan. Heat over medium-low heat to the boiling point, but do not boil. Set aside. In a large bowl, cream together 1 1/2 cup sugar and butter. Beat in eggs. Stir in milk and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Combine flour and baking powder; mix into the creamed mixture. Divide batter into the pastry shells. Pour 1/3 of the cocoa mixture on top of the cake batter in each pastry shell. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 to 35 minutes, or till cake is done. 
Beat cream cheese and sugar until smooth. Fold in whipped topping. Spoon mixture into graham crumb crust. Refrigerate for 2 hours. Once the cheesecake has set, garnish with sliced strawberries. Serve. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9 x 5 inch loaf tin well. Beat the egg whites until very stiff. Cream butter or margarine and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat the egg yolks with the banana essence and the milk; stir into creamed mixture. Fold in bananas and walnuts. Sift the flour, and fold into the creamed mixture. Carefully fold in the egg whites. Pour batter into the prepared tin. Bake for 40 to 50 minutes. Turn out onto a wire rack, and cool. Slice and serve. 
Combine the hot water and instant coffee. Set aside. Whisk together flour, cocoa, dry milk, baking powder and salt. In a large bowl, cream the butter or margarine, brown sugar, and sugar substitute with an electric mixer on medium speed until the mixture is light and fluffy. Add the egg and vanilla; beat for 1 minute. Mix the flour mixture into the creamed mixture, alternately with the coffee. Stir in the nuts. Beat at medium speed until smooth. Pour the batter into a 9 inch square pan that has been sprayed with cooking spray. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 30 minutes, or until the cake pulls away from the sides of the pan. Cool on a wire rack. 
Mix together cake mix, 1 box pudding mix, eggs, oil, and soda drink. Stir in coconut and nuts if desired. Pour into a greased 9 x 13 inch baking pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes. Cool. Beat 1 box pudding and milk together. Fold in whipped topping. Frost cooled cake. Keep refrigerated. 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter and dust with flour a 10 inch bundt tin. Cream the butter or margarine till light and fluffy. Beat in the condensed milk. Combine the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and baking soda; mix into the creamed mixture alternately with the cola. Bake for 45 minutes, or until the cake tests done. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease a 10x15 inch baking pan. In a large mixing bowl, combine the applesauce, sweetened condensed milk, butter or margarine, eggs, melted chocolate, and vanilla extract. Add the baking mix and cinnamon, and mix well. Stir in nuts. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted near the center comes out clean. Frost when cool. 
Sift together flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt in a small mixing bowl. In a separate bowl, cream 3/4 cup butter and white and brown sugars at medium speed until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating after each addition. Add 2 teaspoons vanilla. At low speed, begin by adding a little of the flour mixture to the butter mixture. Alternate with buttermilk until all are blended together. Start and end with flour. Line bottoms of 2 9-inch pans with waxed paper; grease and flour. Pour batter in. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 25-30 minutes. Test with toothpick. Cool in pans for 10 minutes before turning onto racks to cool completely. To Make Frosting: Cream together 3/4 cup butter and confectioners' sugar. Slowly add melted chocolate and 2 teaspoons vanilla. Beat until light and fluffy. Frost cooled cake. 
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Grease and flour six 8-inch pans. In a large bowl, mix together white sugar, shortening, eggs, soda, baking powder, flour, salt, buttermilk, and vanilla. Batter will be thick. Divide batter into 6 equal parts and press into prepared pans. Bake layers in preheated oven until edges are golden and tops spring back when touched lightly with a fingertip, about 10 minutes. To Make Filling: Combine dried apples and water in a saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer until apples are tender, about 25 minutes. Stir occasionally; add more water if needed to prevent sticking. Alternately, remove lid from pan if mixture is too wet. Remove from heat; mash apples slightly. Stir in the brown sugar, cinnamon, cloves, and allspice. Lay 1 cake layer on a plate or platter and spread filling on top. Repeat with remaining layers, finishing by spreading filling on the top and sides of the cake. Top cake with waxed paper and wrap in plastic wrap. Let stand at least 12 hours before cutting. 
In a saucepan on very low heat, carefully melt the chocolate and butter, stirring constantly. Add the corn syrup, sugar, and milk. Increase heat to medium-high, bring to a boil, and cook for 5-8 minutes, stirring only occasionally, until the mixture becomes a candy-like, gooey fudge. Remove from heat and stir in vanilla. Let chill to spreadable consistency. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour an 8-inch pan (see Editor's Note). Sift together flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt. Set aside. In a medium bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add egg and vanilla and beat well. Add flour mixture, alternating with coffee. Beat until just incorporated. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean. Allow to cool before frosting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch tube pan. Combine the flour, white sugar, vegetable oil, eggs, vanilla, salt, baking soda and evaporated milk. Mix until smooth. Add the jar of poppy seed filling and the chopped nuts; beat at medium speed for 2 minutes. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 70 minutes. Let cake cool before removing from pan. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. In the prepared dish, layer the cherry pie filling and the drained pineapple. Sprinkle the dry cake mix over the top, covering evenly. Pour the melted margarine over the cake mix, and sprinkle the top with the coconut and chopped walnuts. Bake 50 to 60 minutes in the preheated oven, until browned and bubbly. 
Mix cake batter as directed on box. Stir in nuts. Bake cake as directed on box in a bundt pan. Before taking cake out of oven, combine butter, sugar, and whiskey. Boil for 5 minutes. Remove syrup from heat, and pour over cake. Continue baking cake for 5 more minutes. Cool in pan for about 15 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack to cool. 
Whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and spices. In a large bowl, combine oil, molasses, and sugar with an electric mixer. Mix in eggs. Blend in dry ingredients. Stir in sauerkraut, apples, and nuts by hand. Pour batter into a greased and floured 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 35 minutes. Remove from oven, and cool on a wire rack. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10 inch Bundt pan. In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar together until well mixed with an electric mixer. Add eggs, one at a time, and beat until mixture is light and fluffy. Blend in flour and salt. Mix in almond extract. Turn batter into prepared pan. Bake for 60 minutes, or until a toothpick when inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Cool in pan for 10 minutes. Remove from pan, and transfer to a wire rack to continue cooling. Break off tablespoon-sized pieces of the almond paste, and shape into holly leaves. Using the tip of a knife, score the shaped holly leaf to resemble veins in the leaves. Mix green food coloring with a small amount of water and brush the holly leaves, repeating until desired color is reached. Set aside on waxed paper. Break off 2 tablespoons of almond paste, and knead in several drops of red food coloring. When color of almond paste is a bright red, break off smaller pieces. Roll into balls to resemble holly berries. Place on waxed paper. In a small bowl, combine 1 cup confectioners' sugar and milk. Mix until smooth. When the cake has cooled, drizzle with the confectioners' sugar glaze. Top with blanched almonds, and garnish with the marzipan holly leaves and berries. 
Preheat oven to 225 degrees F (110 degrees C). Grease and flour a tube pan. In a large bowl, combine sugar, flour, soda, cinnamon, cloves, allspice and nutmeg. Add eggs, lemon rind, vanilla, and 1/2 cup brandy. Mix thoroughly. Stir in fruit, nuts, and melted butter. Pour into prepared pan. Bake for 1 hour in the preheated oven, or until a tester inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool on a wire rack. Wrap cooled cake in foil. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons brandy over the cake everyday for 2 weeks. 
Combine sugar, cream of tartar, salt, and water in a small saucepan. Cook to the soft ball stage, 234 - 240 degrees F (112 - 115 degrees C). Cool to lukewarm. Gradually beat in enough confectioners' sugar to make mixture thick enough to almost hold its shape. Stir in flavoring. Divide into 4 parts. Leave one part white and tint other portions pink, yellow, and green. To ice petits fours, place them on a cooling rack and spoon the icing/frosting over the top until covered. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour three 8 inch round pans. In a large bowl, mix together sugar, oil, and eggs. Add food coloring and vinegar to buttermilk. Add baking soda to flour. Add flour mixture and buttermilk mixtures alternately to the sugar mixture. Mix well. Stir 1 teaspoon vanilla into batter. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until done. Remove from oven, and cool on wire racks. Mix together cream cheese, butter or margarine, confectioners' sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla. Stir in nuts. Frost cooled cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease one 9 inch square baking pan. Whisk together the flour, sugars, baking soda, cocoa and salt. Stir in the vegetable oil, vanilla and vinegar. Pour batter into the prepared pan and pour the water over the top. Draw a fork through the batter to just barely mix. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 minutes. Let cool slightly and serve warm. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter one 2 quart casserole dish. Sift the flour, white sugar and baking powder together. Add the raisins and stir in the milk. Spoon batter into the prepared dish. Combine the brown sugar, boiling water, butter and vanilla. Gently pour over the batter. Do not stir. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes. Serve warm. 
Heat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9 x 13 inch pan. In a large bowl, combine cake mix, cherry pie filling, almond extract, and 2 eggs by hand; stir until well blended. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until it tests done. Cool. In a small saucepan, combine sugar, butter or margarine, and milk. Boil, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes. Remove from heat, and stir in chocolate chips until smooth. Immediately pour over partially cooled cake. 
Mix sugar substitute with orange juice. Pour over chopped cranberries. Soak 1 hour, mixing often. Mix raisins, nuts, coconut, lemon rind in flour until well coated. Add cranberries and orange juice mixture. Sprinkle baking soda over mixture, and mix. Mix in spices. Fold in crushed pineapple. Pour batter into a greased and floured 9 inch loaf pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 40 minutes. Cool. 
Cream shortening and 1 cup white sugar together. Blend in beaten eggs. Combine crushed vanilla wafers and baking powder: mix into the creamed mixture alternately with milk. Stir in nuts and coconut. Pour batter into two greased and floured 8 inch round pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 to 60 minutes. Cool layers on wire racks. In a small sauce pan, mix 1/2 cup white sugar and 1/2 cup brown sugar together well. Mix in evaporated milk and butter or margarine. Cook over medium heat to the soft ball stage, 234 - 240 degrees F (112 - 115 degrees C). Pour mixture into a mixing bowl. Stir in 1/2 teaspoon vanilla. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed until the icing is spreadable. Frost the cooled cake. 
Prepare pudding mix in a 2 quart saucepan as directed on box, using 2 cups milk. Stir dry cake mix into hot pudding. Stir in nuts and chocolate chips. Spread batter into a 9 x 13 inch ungreased pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes, or until cake springs back when touched. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a bundt or tube pan. Beat eggs until thick. Add pudding mix, cake mix, water, and oil; beat with an electric mixer on medium speed for 5 minutes. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 50 minutes. In the last 5 minutes of baking, prepare the glaze. Mix lemon juice and 3 cups confectioner's sugar in a saucepan. Heat to boiling. Pour hot glaze over hot cake, and let cool for approximately 1 hour. Carefully invert cake onto serving platter. Finish with a light dusting of confectioners sugar. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a Bundt pan. Combine cake mix, pudding mix, oil, eggs, water, sour cream, and vanilla. Beat until smooth. Stir in chocolate chips. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 1 hour. Allow to cool. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a 12 cup muffin tin with paper bake cups. Prepare batter as directed on the box. Fill muffin cups 2/3 full. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until done. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a Bundt or tube pan. Combine cake mix, pudding mix, eggs, coffee, 3/4 cup liqueur, and oil with an electric mixer at low speed until moistened. Beat for two minutes at high speed. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 45 to 55 minutes, or until done. Cool for 30 minutes. Invert onto serving plate, and prick top with a fork. Heat frosting in a small pan. Remove from heat, and stir in 3/4 cup liqueur. Drizzle glaze over top of cake, allowing it to soak in and drizzle over sides. Repeat until glaze is used up. 
Peel, core, and grate the apples. Cream together 1 cup sugar and 1/4 cup butter or margarine. Stir in the grated apples and eggs. Sift together flour, salt, soda, nutmeg, and cinnamon; mix into the apple mixture. Pour batter into an ungreased 9 inch glass pie plate. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 minutes. Remove from oven. Place 1/2 cup butter or margarine, 1 cup sugar, 1/2 cup cream, and vanilla in the top pan of a double boiler. Heat and stir until sugar has dissolved and butter or margarine has melted. Serve over apple cake. 
Sift together salt, cinnamon, cloves, ginger, flour, and baking soda. Cream shortening and sugar gradually, then add molasses and eggs. Mix in sifted ingredients. Stir in hot coffee; batter will be thin. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes. Cool. 
Arrange a large bamboo steamer or a large vegetable steamer over simmering water. Make sure it is large enough to hold the baking pan. Line a 9 inch square pan with waxed paper. Separate the eggs. Place the yolks in a large bowl along with the sugar and water. Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until the mixture has increased about three times in volume. Whisk together the flour and the baking powder; sift this over the egg mixture, and fold in gently. Blend in the extract. Whip the egg whites in a clean bowl to stiff, not dry, peaks. Fold into yolk base. Pour the batter into the prepared pan, and smooth out to edges. Rap the pan on the counter to get rid of large air bubbles. Place the pan into the steamer. Cover the top of the steamer with a kitchen towel, and place the lid on top; the towel will absorb any steam that collects on top from dripping onto the cake. Steam for about 20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Cool on a wire rack. Dust with confectioner's sugar. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease an 8 inch square pan. In a large bowl, combine sugar, shortening, spices, salt, soup, and raisins. Stir in boiling water. Cool. Sift the flour, baking powder, and baking soda together. Add to the cooled raisin mixture, and stir until just combined. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes. Serve warm. 
Place a paper towel in a colander, and place the colander over a bowl to collect any draining liquid. Pour yogurt on top of the paper towel. Set in refrigerator for 12 to 24 hours. Use this yogurt curd like cream cheese. Mix graham cracker crumbs with 1 teaspoon sugar and butter or margarine. Spread mixture in the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan. Mix yogurt curd with 1 cup sugar, eggs, and vanilla. Pour over crust. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 70 minutes, or until done when checked with cake tester. Let sit 24 hours before serving. 
Prepare and bake cake mix according to box directions for a 9 x 13 inch cake pan. While the cake is baking, combine pineapple with juice and 3/4 cup sugar in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium heat for 20 minutes until thick and syrupy, stirring occasionally. Pierce top of hot cake with fork at 1 inch intervals. Pour pineapple mixture over cake. Cool completely. Beat pudding mix with milk until smooth. Spread pudding over cooled cake. Whip cream until slightly thickened. Add confectioner's sugar and vanilla, and whip until soft peaks form. Spread over top of cake. Chill cake for 24 hours. Sprinkle with coconut and pecans just before serving. Refrigerate leftovers. 
Combine flour, yeast, 2 tablespoons sugar, salt, 3/4 cup milk, and 3 tablespoons butter or margarine. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead until smooth and elastic, about 15 to 20 minutes. Place in a well greased bowl, and cover. Let rise in a warm place for 1 hour, or until doubled. Punch down the dough. Roll out to a 1/2 inch thickness. Spread into a greased 8 inch square baking pan. Cover, and let rise for 30 minutes. Melt 3 tablespoons butter or margarine and confectioner's sugar in a saucepan. Add almonds and 1 tablespoon milk. Remove from heat, and stir in honey. Spread evenly and carefully onto the dough. Allow dough to continue to rise for an additional 30 minutes. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes, or until crust turns golden brown. Cool completely on a wire rack. Dissolve cornstarch in a little milk. Combine 1 1/2 cups milk, cornstarch, and 1 tablespoon sugar inn the top of a double boiler. Heat while stirring until thickened, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add in beaten egg, and keep stirring for about 2 more minutes, or until thick. Remove from heat, and stir in extract. Chill, covered, in refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Beat the whipping cream with the cream of tartar until stiff. Fold into the chilled pudding. Cut the cooled almond crust bread into 1 1/4 x 2 inch rectangles. Slice each horizontally into halves. Fill with pudding mixture. Chill, and serve cold. 
Mix together flour, salt, sugar, eggs, soda, and oil. Stir in pineapple with juice and nuts. Pour batter into a greased and floured 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes, or until cake tests done. Cool completely on a wire rack. Blend together cream cheese, butter or margarine, confectioners sugar, and vanilla. Frost the cooled cake. 
Combine cake mix, eggs, oil, soda drink and 1 box pistachio pudding. Pour batter into a greased and floured 13 x 9 inch pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into cake comes out clean. Cool completely. While cake is baking, mix 1 box pistachio pudding, whipped topping, and milk. Chill. Ice cooled cake with chilled frosting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease an 8 inch square pan. Whisk together 3/4 cup white sugar, flour, baking powder, and salt. Add in melted chocolate, butter or margarine, vanilla, and milk; mix to combine. Pour batter into prepared pan. Sprinkle with the two sugars, 1/2 cup brown and 1/2 cup white, and the cocoa. Pour cold coffee over the top, but do not stir in. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Serve warm. 
Mix together cake mix, canned oranges with juice, eggs, and oil. Pour batter into three greased and floured 8 inch round pans. Layers will be thin. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes, or until cake tests done. Cool layers on wire racks. Mix together whipped topping, drained pineapple, and instant pudding mix. Fill and frost the cooled cake. Refrigerate until ready to eat. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9 inch square cake pan. Line the bottom of the pan with wax paper, or dust lightly with flour. Sir together flour, baking powder, salt, and spices. In a large bowl, cream shortening. Blend in brown sugar, beating until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs and vanilla. Stir flour mixture into creamed mixture alternately with applesauce; make 3 dry and 2 liquid additions, combining lightly after each. Turn batter into prepared pan. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes, or until cake springs back when lightly touched. 
Prepare cake mix according to directions. Fill each cone about 3/4 full of batter, up to first ridge. Place cones in the cups of a cupcake pan or on cookie sheets. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 15 to 18 minutes. Place 10 chocolate chips on top of each warm cone, and in a minute or two spread melted chocolate over top. Decorate with candies. 
Grease and flour two 8 or 9 inch round pans. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix flour with soda, salt, cinnamon, and cloves. Add nuts and raisins to dry ingredients if using. In a separate bowl, cream shortening and sugar. Add eggs one at a time, beating continuously. Add jam. Add flour mixture alternately with milk. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 minutes. Cool, and frost with Cream Cheese Frosting. To make Cream Cheese Frosting: mix together until creamy 1/4 cup butter, cream cheese, confectioners' sugar, and vanilla. 
Grease a 10 inch Bundt pan. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). In a large bowl, stir together cake mix and pudding mix. Make a well in the center and pour in 3/4 cup orange juice, oil, eggs and lemon extract. Beat on low speed until blended. Scrape bowl, and beat 4 minutes on medium speed. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 50 to 60 minutes. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely. In a saucepan over medium heat, cook 1/3 cup orange juice, sugar and butter for two minutes. Drizzle over cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour three 8 inch round cake pans. Beat egg whites until they form stiff peaks. In a large bowl, cream 1/2 cup margarine and shortening till light. Add white sugar, and beat till fluffy. Beat in egg yolks. Stir together flour and baking soda, and add alternately with buttermilk into the creamed mixture; mix well after each addition. Stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla, coconut, and 1 cup pecans. Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Spoon into prepared pans. Bake for 25 to 40 minutes. Cool in pans for 10 minutes. Remove to wire rack to cool completely. Combine cream cheese, 1/2 cup margarine, confectioners' sugar, and 1 teaspoon vanilla in mixer bowl. Beat till smooth. Add coconut if desired. Frost the cooled cake. The remaining 1/2 cup pecans can be stirred into frosting or sprinkled onto the cake after it is frosted. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 x 13 inch pan. In a large bowl, combine beets, eggs, vanilla, oil, and sugar. Mix with an electric mixer on low speed until well combined. In a separate bowl, mix together flour, soda, salt, and cocoa. Add to the creamed mixture, beating together well. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes until done. Cool and frost with your favorite icing. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Beat the eggs and the vanilla with a spoon. Blend in the chocolate syrup. Fill emptied chocolate syrup can with vegetable oil and add to bowl. Add the flour to bowl. Fill can with sugar and add to bowl. Stir well and pour into a lightly greased 9x13 inch pan. Bake 40-45 minutes at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Ice after cooling or leave plain. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 x 13 inch pan. Cream together shortening and sugar. Beat in eggs and vanilla. In a separate bowl, combine flour, baking powder, and salt. Add to creamed mixture alternately with milk. Mix well. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 45 minutes, or until cake tests done. Cool. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9x13 inch pan. Beat flour, white sugar, salt, baking powder, cinnamon, cloves, allspice, applesauce, water, shortening, 2 eggs, raisins, and 1/2 cup chopped almonds with a mixer on low, scraping the bowl constantly, 30 seconds. Beat on high speed, scraping bowl occasionally, 3 minutes. Pour into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) until wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean, 60-65 minutes. To Make Frosting: Just before cake is removed from the oven, beat egg whites until foamy. Beat brown sugar and lemon juice gradually into egg whites until stiff. Carefully spread over HOT cake. Sprinkle with nuts. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) until brown, 8 to 10 minutes. 
Make the batter following the directions on the box, EXCEPT replace 2 teaspoons water with an equal amount of vanilla. Fold in sour cream. Bake according to directions given for baking a bundt cake. Cool on rack, place on serving plate, and dust with confectioners sugar. 
on how to cut a fish from any 9" square cake." Ingredients 5/8 (8 inch) square prepared yellow cake Directions Start with a cooled 9-inch square cake. From one corner, measure 5 inches along one side and 5 1/2 inches along the other. Cut on a curve through the points. Divide this in half, cutting on a curve to make two fins. From opposite corner, measure 6 inches along sides, and cut on a curve for tail. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour five 16 ounce cans OR two 8 x 4 inch loaf pans. In a large bowl, mix sugar, oil, eggs, and beans until smooth. In a separate bowl combine flour, cinnamon, baking powder, and soda. Add to bean mixture, stirring just until combined. Stir in raisins and vanilla. Fill cans 2/3 full with batter, or divide batter into prepared loaf pans. Place cans or pans on a baking sheet. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes, or until a tester inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Cool completely on wire racks before removing bread from cans or pans. 
Beat eggs, oil, and milk together, and add to flour. Stir until combined. Heat a greased griddle until drops of water sprinkled on it evaporate noisily. Pour 1/8 to 1/4 cup batter onto the griddle. Turn over with a metal spatula when bubbles begin to form on top. Cook second side to a golden brown color. 
Grease one 10 inch bundt cake pan. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix together cake mix, eggs, oil, sour cream, coffee liqueur, and chocolate chips, in the order listed, and pour into the greased bundt cake pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for one hour or until the surface springs back when touched lightly. 
Grease and flour one 13x9 inch pan. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix together cake mix, melted butter, and 1 egg. Press into prepared pan. In separate bowl mix cream cheese, 2 eggs, and confectioners' sugar. Pour over first layer. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 40 minutes. 
Butter one 10 inch tube or bundt pan. Toss the popcorn with the gumdrops and cashews. Melt the marshmallows with the butter or margarine. Pour over the popcorn mixture and mix well. Press the mixture into the prepared pan. Butter hands before pressing firmly into pan. Chill and remove from pan. 
Beat whites until stiff. Beat in confectioners' sugar. Beat together yolks and lemon juice: fold yolk mixture into egg whites. Fold in potato flour and matzo meal. Pour batter into ungreased tube pan. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for approximately 1 hour. 
All the ingredients should be at room temperature (70 degrees F). Beat the sugar and eggs together until creamy and lemon colored. Melt the butter and chocolate together in a small saucepan over low heat. Beat into the sugar and egg mixture. In a separate bowl combine the vanilla and buttermilk. Stir into the sugar mixture. Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Stir into the liquid mixture. Chill the dough slightly to make it easier to handle. Roll out half the dough on a lightly floured board to a 1/2 inch thickness. Cut into doughnuts. Allow the cut doughnuts to dry for 10 minutes. Heat 2 inches of oil to 370 degrees F (185 degrees C) in a large skillet. The dough should be at room temperature before frying. Dip a metal pancake turner into the hot oil each time before using it to move or turn a doughnut. Transfer the doughnuts to the skillet, one every 15 seconds. Fry each doughnut about 90 seconds per side. Remove the doughnuts and drain on paper towels. Repeat with the remaining dough. To make the icing: Beat the sugar, egg white, and vanilla together until smooth. Drizzle onto the doughnuts after they have cooled. 
Prepare cake mix batter according to directions, or make any standard cake recipe batter (i.e. white, chocolate, etc.). Place flat-bottomed ice cream cones in the cups of a regular muffin pan. Pour enough batter into each cone to fill from 1/2 to 2/3 full. Bake at time and temperature as recommended for cupcakes. After they have cooled, frost with your favorite canned or home-prepared frosting recipe. Decorate with sprinkles or other decorations of your choice. 
For a Yellow Cake: Sift together flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar. Cut in shortening until fine crumbs are formed. Add eggs, milk, and vanilla. Beat at low speed for 1 minute, then high for 2 minutes, scraping the bowl frequently. Pour batter into greased and floured 9x13 inch pan. Bake in preheated 350 degree F oven (175 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes. Variation for a White Cake: Prepare as for the basic cake except use 3 egg whites for the 2 whole eggs. Whites may be beaten separately and added for a lighter cake. Variation for a Chocolate Cake: Add 1/4 cup cocoa powder to the basic cake mix prior to adding the milk. Variation for a Spice Cake: Add 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves, and 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice to the basic cake mix. Variation for a Pineapple Upside Down Cake: Melt 1/2 cup butter in the bottom of a 9x13 pan. Add 2/3 cup brown sugar, stirring into the butter. Arrange pineapple slices in the pan. Top with the basic (yellow cake) mix recipe. Bake 30 to 35 minutes, cool 5 minutes, and invert to serve. 
Put the butter or margarine, molasses, sugar, and chocolate into a 1-1/2 quart oven-proof glass bowl and microwave on high for two minutes or until fat and chocolate have melted. Stir well. Add the broken cookies or wafers, raisins, almonds, and cherries. Mix well to coat them with the chocolate mixture. Place a 7 inch plain flan ring on a flat serving plate. Spoon in the cookie mixture. Press down evenly. Chill in refrigerator for about 8 hours or overnight. Remove flan ring and serve. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 9 x 13 inch pan. Place cold water, brown sugar, raisins, lard, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves in a large saucepan. Bring this combination to a boil. Let simmer for a full 6 minutes, then allow mixture to cool to lukewarm. Set aside. In small mixing bowl, combine flour and soda. Gradually add the dry ingredients to the cooled mixture. Add vanilla, and blend into batter. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 90 to 120 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow to cool. Store for at least a week before cutting. This cake will remain moist for months. 
Melt chocolate in top of double boiler; set aside. Beat egg yolks until thick and lemon colored. Gradually beat in sugar. Blend in chocolate and almonds. Beat egg whites until stiff peaks form. Fold whites into chocolate batter. Spoon batter into an ungreased 10 inch Bundt pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour, or until cake springs back when lightly touched. Remove from oven, invert pan, and cool about 40 minutes before removing from pan. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a bundt pan. Cream butter or margarine; add sugar, and beat until smooth. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in crushed vanilla wafers alternately with milk. Add coconut and pecans, and mix until blended. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 1 1/2 hours. Cool. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 9 inch, round cake pans, and line with parchment paper. Combine 2 1/2 cups flour, salt, and spices. Dissolve soda in buttermilk: stir well. Cream butter or margarine. Gradually add sugar, beating well. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Mix flour mixture into creamed mixture alternately with buttermilk mixture, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Dredge dates and pecans in remaining 1/2 cup flour, and fold into batter. Carefully fold grape jam into batter. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes, or until a wooden toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pans for 10 minutes. Remove layers from pans, and cool completely. Spread hot Kentucky Fruit Filling between the layers and on top of the cake. 
Cut orange into sections, and remove the seeds. Grind the sections, peels and all. Combine dates, raisins, and ground orange in a medium saucepan: stir well. Stir in sugar and orange juice. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture is thickened. Spread hot filling between layers or on top of cake. 
Combine flour, baking powder, salt, cocoa, cinnamon, and allspice. Dissolve soda in buttermilk, stirring well. Cream butter or margarine and sugar, beating well. Add egg yolks, beating mixture well. Mix flour mixture into the creamed mixture alternately with the buttermilk mixture, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Fold in blackberry jam. Pour batter into a greased and floured 10 inch bundt pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 to 50 minutes, or until cake tests done. Cool in pan for 15 minutes. Remove from pan, and cool complete. Combine confectioners' sugar, milk, butter or margarine, and vanilla. Beat until mixture is smooth. Spoon over cooled cake 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a 9 x 5 inch loaf pan. Cream butter or margarine and sugar till light and fluffy. Add eggs and beat well. Mix together flour and baking soda; blend into creamed mixture. Fold in buttermilk, vanilla, mango puree, and chopped nuts. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 40 to 50 minutes, or until done. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease a 10 inch tube pan. In a small bowl, combine flour and baking powder. Set aside. In a measuring cup, combine the milk and 1 teaspoon each coconut, lemon, rum, butter and vanilla extracts; set aside. In a large mixing bowl, cream butter, shortening and 3 cups sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, and beat until smooth. Beat in flour mixture alternately with milk mixture, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Spoon mixture into prepared pan. Bake for 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 hours, or until cake tests done. Cool in pan on wire rack for 10 minutes. Turn cake out of pan onto wire rack. Place waxed paper under rack to catch glaze drippings. Slowly spoon Five Flavor Glaze onto top of hot cake. Cool completely. To make the Five Flavor Glaze: In a saucepan, combine 1/2 cup sugar, water and 1/2 teaspoon each coconut, lemon, rum, butter and vanilla extracts. Bring to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved. 
Combine sugar, water, extracts, and flavorings in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Spoon hot glaze over cake. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour a tube pan. Sift the flour with the baking powder and salt. Cream butter or margarine, oil, and sugar until fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Mix in flour mixture alternately with milk, beginning and ending with flour. Mix well. Stir in 1 teaspoon each coconut flavoring, butter flavoring, rum extract, lemon extract, and vanilla extract. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 1 1/2 hours or until cake tests done. In a small saucepan, combine water, sugar, and 1 teaspoon each coconut flavoring, butter flavoring, rum extract, vanilla extract, and almond extract. Boil until the sugar has dissolved completely. Spoon over hot cake. Cool cake. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8 inch, round, cake pans. Cream butter or margarine in a large mixing bowl. Gradually add sugar, beating well. Add eggs one at a time, beating mixture well after each addition. Dissolve soda in buttermilk, stirring well. Mix flour into creamed mixture alternately with buttermilk mixture, beginning and ending with flour. Mix well after addition. Stir in crumbled mincemeat. Spoon batter into prepared pans. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool cake in pan for 10 minutes. Remove layers from pans, and cool completely. Fill and frost the cake with Caramel Cream Frosting. 
Place 2 tablespoons sugar in a saucepan. Cook over medium heat until sugar is dissolved and becomes golden brown in color. Set aside. Combine remaining 1 cup sugar, butter, and cream in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture comes to a boil. Stir in caramelized sugar, and return to a boil. Cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Beat until frosting has a good spreading consistency. 
Sift flour and salt together. Cream butter or margarine and sugar well. Add eggs, flour mixture, soda, and buttermilk; mix well. Fold in orange slices, dates, nuts, and coconut. Pour batter into a greased and floured tube pan. Bake at 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) for 1 3/4 to 2 hours. Remove cake from oven. Mix together juice and confectioner's sugar; pour over hot cake while still in pan. Cool cake in pan for 20 minutes. Turn out onto cake plate. Cool completely. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease three 9 inch, round cake pans. Combine soda and buttermilk, and let stand a few minutes. In a large bowl, cream sugar, 1/2 cup butter, 1/2 cup oil and shortening. Add egg yolks one at a time, beating well after each addition. Mix buttermilk mixture alternately with flour into creamed mixture. Stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla. In a large glass or metal mixing bowl, beat egg whites until stiff peaks form. Fold 1/3 of the whites into the batter, then quickly fold in remaining whites until no streaks remain. Gently stir in 1 cup pecans and coconut. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow to cool. To make the Cream Cheese Frosting: Beat together cream cheese, 1/2 cup butter or margarine, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and confectioners' sugar. Stir in 1 cup chopped pecans. Frost and fill cooled cake with cream cheese frosting. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Grease and flour a tube pan. Whisk together flour, salt, cinnamon, cloves, and soda. Set aside. Cream together 1/2 cup butter and 2 cups brown sugar, beating until light and fluffy. Mix in eggs. Add flour mixture into creamed mixture alternately with applesauce, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Stir in the raisins, dates, and walnuts. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven until a tester inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, about 1 1/2 hours. Cool on wire rack. To make icing, melt 1/2 cup butter or margarine in a small saucepan over low heat; stir in 1 cup brown sugar. Boil for 2 minutes. Stir in milk, and continue to stir until the mixture returns to a boil. Remove from heat, and cool for 5 minutes. Beat in vanilla and confectioners' sugar. Frost cooled cake. 
Stir together flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt. In a mixing bowl, combine corn and sugars. Beat in eggs and oil till well blended. Mix flour mixture into batter. Stir in raisins and nuts. Pour batter into greased 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes, or till cake tests done. Cool. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8-inch pans, round or square. Thoroughly cream together butter and sugar. Beat in eggs and vanilla. Sift together cocoa, flour, baking powder, soda, and salt, and add alternately with water to egg mixture. Stir in the sauerkraut. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes or until a wooden pick comes out clean. Frost with your favorite chocolate or white frosting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bring a saucepan of water to a boil. Add potato and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain, cool and mash. Grease and flour a 10 inch Bundt pan. Cream butter, gradually add brown sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in mashed potatoes. Combine flour, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves; add to creamed mixture alternately with milk, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Stir in melted chocolate and pecans. Pour batter into a prepared 10 inch Bundt pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour or until cake tests done. Cool in pan 20 minutes; remove cake from pan, and cool completely before serving. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Line muffin tin with foil liners. Place 1 vanilla wafer in each liner. Mix cream cheese, vanilla, and sugar with an electric mixer on medium speed until well blended. Add eggs, and mix well. Pour over wafers, filling 3/4 full. Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes or until set. Remove from pan when cool. Chill before serving. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9 x 5-inch loaf pan. Place parchment paper on bottom and sides of pan, and grease the parchment paper or spray it with cooking spray. Mix together flour and baking powder in a large mixing bowl. Add the dates, drained cherries, pineapple, and pecans to flour. Stir to coat well. Add eggs to fruit mixture; stir well. Pour the batter into the prepared pan, making sure to press the mixture very firmly into the pan to eliminate air bubbles. Bake for 1 hour and 45 minutes, or until cake tests done. Let cool in pan for 15 minutes. Remove the cake from the pan, peel off the parchment paper, and set it aside. Brush corn syrup all over the top and sides of cake, then brush it with peach brandy. Rewrap the cake in the used parchment paper, and then in aluminum foil for storage. Brush the cake with 2 tablespoons of peach brandy each week. 
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Butter cake pans, and line with wax paper. Butter the wax paper. Sift the flour with the baking soda. In a large bowl, combine eggs, mincemeat, condensed milk, fruit, and nuts. Fold in dry ingredients. Pour into prepared pans. Bake for 2 hours, or until center springs back and top is golden brown. Cool. Turn cakes out onto wire rack; remove wax paper. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Coat one 12-cup, fluted tube pan with cooking spray. Combine flour, cocoa, soda, baking powder, and salt. In a large bowl, combine condensed milk, oil substitute, brown sugar, eggs, and egg white; mix well. Stir flour mixture into milk mixture just until moistened. Gradually add water. Stir in chips. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, or until inserted toothpick comes out clean. Cool cake in pan for 10 minutes. Remove from pan, and top with cherry filling. 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 inch round cake pans. In a large bowl, cream together the shortening and 1 3/4 cups sugar until light and fluffy. Combine the flour, baking powder and salt; stir into the creamed mixture alternately with the milk, beginning and ending with the flour. Stir in vanilla and 1 cup coconut. In a separate glass or metal bowl, whip egg whites to soft peaks. Fold egg whites into the cake batter. Divide the batter evenly between the prepared pans. Bake for 35 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cakes comes out clean. Cool cakes in pans over a wire rack. When cakes are cool enough to handle, tap out of the pan to cool completely. Spread the Citrus Coconut Filling between the layers, and frost the outside with fluffy white frosting. To make the Citrus Coconut Filling: Whisk together 1/2 cup sugar and cornstarch in a small saucepan. Add butter, coconut, and egg yolk, and cook over medium heat stirring constantly until the butter is melted, and the mixture has thickened. Remove from heat, and stir in the orange zest, orange juice and lemon juice. To make Fluffy White Frosting: Combine 1 cup sugar with corn syrup and water in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally to dissolve sugar. Continue cooking without stirring, until the temperature is between 234 and 240 degrees F (112 to 116 degrees C), or until a small amount of syrup dropped into cold water forms a soft ball that flattens when removed from the water and placed on a flat surface. In a large glass or metal bowl, whip remaining 2 egg whites until soft peaks form. Pour the hot syrup in a thin stream into the egg whites while continuing to whip until thick and glossy. Stir in almond extract. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix cake mix, melted butter or margarine, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and 2 eggs with a spoon. Pat into a 9 X 13 inch pan. Mix cream cheese, 2 eggs, and 1 teaspoon vanilla with an electric mixer. Slowly beat in confectioner's sugar. Pour over cake layer. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes. Cool. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 x 13 inch pan. In a large bowl, mix together cake mix, 2 eggs, and 1/2 cup melted butter. Put into prepared pan. In another bowl, Beat cream cheese until smooth. Blend in 1/2 cup melted butter and 2 eggs. Gradually beat in the confectioner's sugar. Pour over the crust mixture already in the pan. Bake for 1 hour. Cool. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9 x 13 inch pan. Mix together cake mix, 1 box pudding mix, eggs, oil, food coloring, water, vinegar, and cocoa. Pour into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes. Cool. Beat together milk and cream cheese. Mix in 1 box pudding mix. Fold in whipped topping. Spread on cooled cake. Refrigerate. 
Prepare and bake cake as directed on the package for a 9 x 13 inch pan. Cool completely. Combine flour and milk in saucepan. Cook, stirring constantly, until thick. Cool completely. Cream 1 cup sugar, 1/2 cup margarine, and shortening. Add cooled milk mixture, and beat well. Spread over cake. Refrigerate. In a small bowl, beat egg. Stir in vanilla, melted chocolate, hot water, confectioner's sugar, and 1/2 cup margarine. Pour over second layer. Refrigerate. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9 x 13 inch pan. In a large bowl, mix sugar, soda, and flour by hand. Mix in eggs, pineapple with juice. Stir in nuts, and coconut. Pour into prepared pan. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes. Cool on wire racks. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour three 9 inch round cake pans. Cream together butter, 2 cups sugar, eggs, and vanilla. Sift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Add flour mixture alternately with milk into egg mixture. Divide batter into 3 parts. Fill two pans with plain batter. Add spices, raisins, and nuts into remaining batter, and pour batter into third pan. Bake for 25 minutes, or until done. Cool layers on wire racks. Mix together orange juice and rind, 2 cups coconut, 2 cups sugar, boiling water, and cornstarch in a 2 quart pan. Bring to a boil, and cook until mixture falls in lumps from a spoon. Put layers together with filling, placing spiced layer in the center. Ice cake with Seven Minute Frosting, and cover with remaining coconut. 
Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9 inch tube pan with a removable bottom. Combine cherries, pineapple, and dates; sprinkle with flour, and toss to coat. Add pecans and coconut; mix thoroughly by tossing. Stir in the sweetened condensed milk, mixing well. Spoon into prepared pan, and smooth the top. Bake for 1 1/2 hours. Cool the cake in pan on a wire rack. When completely cool, remove from pan. Wrap in foil tightly. Refrigerate. Cut cake when cold. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 inch, round, cake pans; cover bottoms with waxed paper. In a large bowl, combine flour, 2 cups sugar, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Add eggs, milk, oil, and 1 tablespoon vanilla; beat until well blended. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake for 35 minutes, or until wooden toothpick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool layers in pans on wire racks 10 minutes. Loosen edges, and remove to racks to cool completely. Drain cherries, reserving 1/2 cup juice. Combine reserved juice, cherries, 1 cup sugar and cornstarch in a 2 quart saucepan. Cook over low heat until thickened, stirring constantly. Stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla. Cool before using. Combine whipping cream and confectioner's sugar in a chilled medium bowl. Beat with an electric mixer at high speed until stiff peaks form. With long serrated knife, split each cake layer horizontally in half. Tear one split layer into crumbs; set aside. Reserve 1 1/2 cups Frosting for decorating cake; set aside. Gently brush loose crumbs off top and side of each cake layer with pasty brush or hands. To assemble, place one cake layer on cake plate. Spread with 1 cup frosting; top with 3/4 cup cherry topping. Top with second cake layer; repeat layers of frosting and cherry topping. Top with third cake layer. Frost side of cake. Pat reserved crumbs onto frosting on side of cake. Spoon reserved frosting into pastry bag fitted with star decorator tip. Pipe around top and bottom edges of cake. Spoon remaining cherry topping onto top of cake. 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour one 9 x 13 inch baking pan. Combine water, sugar, shortening, salt, cocoa, raisins, and spices in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, and continue to boil for 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in vanilla and nuts. Combine flour and baking soda. Stir into boiled mixture, and thoroughly mix. Pour into prepared pan, and spread evenly. Bake for 50 minutes, or until a tester inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Cool. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 inch, round cake pans. Sift together cake flour, sugar, salt, baking powder, and soda. Add shortening, chocolate, buttermilk, and vanilla; beat for 2 minutes. Add eggs, and beat for 2 minutes. Stir in coconut. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes. Cool, and frost. 
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Generously grease a 9-inch springform cake tin. Dust with a little sugar, and tap out the excess. Set aside 3 tablespoons of the sugar. Place the chocolate, butter, and remaining sugar in a large, heavy-based pan. Cook over moderate heat until the chocolate and butter have melted, and the sugar has dissolved. Remove the pan from heat. Stir in the vanilla, and leave the mixture to cool slightly. Beat the egg yolks into the chocolate mixture one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in the flour. In a large bowl, scrupulously clean and grease-free, beat the egg whites until foamy. Add the cream of tartar and salt, and beat to stiff peaks. Sprinkle reserved sugar over egg whites, and beat until stiff and glossy. Use a whisk or spatula to fold 1/3 of the egg whites into the chocolate mixture, then carefully fold in the remaining whites. Carefully pour batter into the prepared tin, and tap the tin gently to release air bubbles. Bake until well risen and a skewer inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, for about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Check the cake after 30 minutes: if the cake appears to rise unevenly, rotate after 30 to 35 minutes. If the cake starts to crack or become too brown, place a piece of foil lightly over the top. Transfer the cake to a wire cooling rack, and remove the sides of the springform tin. Cool completely, and then remove the base. Do not attempt to remove the cake before it's completely cooled as this cake is very fragile. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 13x9 inch pan. Combine the creamed corn with the white sugar and 1/2 cup of the dark brown sugar. Stir in the eggs and the oil. Combine the baking powder, flour, baking soda, salt and ground cinnamon. Add the nuts and raisins. Add the flour mixture to the corn mixture and stir until just combined. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes. Let cake cool completely then frost. To Make Frosting: Bring the butter and 1/2 cup dark brown sugar to a boil. Remove from the heat. Add the heavy cream and the confectioners' sugar. Mix until of frosting consistency. Add more confectioners' sugar if necessary. Use to frost cooled cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9 x 13 inch pan, or three 8 inch round pans. Stir together flour, soda, cocoa, sugar, sugar substitute, and salt. Stir in vanilla, water, vinegar, and oil. Pour batter into prepared pan(s). Bake cake in a rectangular pan or three round pans for 35 minutes, or until done. Cool. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13 inch pan. In a large bowl, combine cake mix, eggs, oil and mandarin oranges with juice. Beat until smooth. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 35 to 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow to cool. To make the topping: In a large bowl, beat together whipped topping, pineapple with juice and dry pudding mix until blended. Spread on cake. 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10-inch tube pan. In large bowl, blend together cake mix, sour cream, oil, 1/4 cup white sugar, water, and eggs. Beat at high speed for 2 minutes. Pour 2/3 of the batter into prepared tube pan. Combine pecans, brown sugar, and cinnamon, and sprinkle over batter in pan. Spread remaining batter evenly over filling mixture. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 45-55 minutes until the cake springs back when touched lightly. Cool right-side-up in pan about 25 minutes. Mix together confectioners' sugar and milk. Remove cake from pan and drizzle with glaze. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and lightly flour a 10-inch tube or Bundt pan, tapping out excess. In a small saucepan over medium heat, melt 1 1/4 cups chocolate chips. In a bowl, beat together the cream cheese, sugar, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, and melted chocolate until smooth. In a separate bowl, beat together the cake mix, coffee, oil, and eggs until just mixed. Pour into the prepared pan. Sprinkle with nuts. Mound the cream cheese mixture around the pan, but do not spread to the edges. Bake in the preheated oven for 55-65 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool 1 hour in the pan before inverting. To prepare the glaze, heat 1/2 cup heavy cream in small saucepan over medium heat until the edges are bubbly. Mix in 1/2 cup chocolate chips, and stir until melted and smooth. Simmer one minute, until slightly thickened. Pour glaze over the cake, letting it to flow down the sides. Cool completely, allowing the glaze to set. Store in the refrigerator. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix together cream cheese, sugar, and egg by hand. Gradually mix in flour. Stir in vanilla. Blend in milk until smooth; add more liquid if batter is too thick to pour. Pour into graham or pastry shell. Bake for 40 minutes, or until top is golden brown. Refrigerate overnight. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9-inch square pan. With an electric mixer, mix egg, fruit cocktail, 1 cup sugar, flour, soda, and salt in order given. Pour into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes. To make sauce: bring to a boil 1 cup sugar, evaporated milk, and butter or margarine. Serve hot on cake. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9 x 13-inch pan. Mix cake mix, 1 egg, and butter; press into prepared cake pan. Top with chocolate chips and nuts. In a separate bowl, mix confectioner's sugar, 2 eggs, and cream cheese. Pour mixture over the cake mix base. Bake until cream cheese layer is bubbly and golden and a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool before serving. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease or paper-line muffin pans. In a small bowl soak oats in orange juice and water for 15 minutes. In a large bowl cream together butter or margarine and sugars. Beat in eggs and oat mixture. In a separate bowl, blend flour, baking powder, soda, salt, and nutmeg. Stir into batter. Stir in vanilla and raisins. Spoon batter into prepared muffin pans, filling 2/3 full. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) until golden brown, about 20 minutes. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 9-inch round cake pans. Sift together cake flour, baking powder, soda, salt, cinnamon, allspice, and ginger. Mix together buttermilk, sweet potatoes, and raisins in a medium bowl and set aside. Beat butter, brown sugar, and white sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until light and fluffy. The mixture should be noticeably lighter in color. Add room-temperature eggs one at a time, allowing each egg to blend into the butter mixture before adding the next. Pour in the flour mixture alternately with the milk and sweet potato mixture, mixing until just incorporated. Divide batter between prepared pans and spread evenly. Bake in preheated oven until a tester inserted in the center of each layer comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool cake layers on wire rack. Remove from pans and frost as desired. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9 x 13 inch pan. Dissolve soda in boiling water. Set aside. Mix together flour, brown sugar, salt, and vegetable oil to form a crumb-like mixture. Reserve 1 cup of the crumbs. Mix the remaining crumbs with the water and soda mixture. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Sprinkle the reserved crumbs on top. Bake for 45 minutes, or until done. 
Beat butter or margarine until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Sift confectioners' sugar into the butter. Add rum, vanilla, and nutmeg. Beat on high speed for 5 minutes. Serve at once over cake, or cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before using if refrigerated. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour three 8 or 9 inch round cake pans. Stir together 3 cups flour, white sugar, and soda. Set aside. Combine 1 1/2 cup butter and water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat, and add 4 ounces white chocolate. Stir until chocolate melts. Stir in buttermilk, eggs, and 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla. Gradually stir in flour mixture; batter will be thin. Dredge pecans in 1/2 cup flour, and fold into batter. Pour into prepared pans. Bake for 20 to 25 minute. Cool layers in pans for 10 minutes. Remove from pans, and cool completely on wire racks. To make the frosting: Beat together both packages of cream cheese and 1/3 cup butter until creamy. Blend in melted and cooled white chocolate. Mix in confectioner's sugar and 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla. Frost between layers, and on top and sides of cake. Sprinkle with additional pecans if desired. 
Cream together the cheese and butter or margarine. Stir in the confectioner's sugar and flavorings. Mix well. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour 4 (9 inch) round cake pans. Toss together the raisins, coconut and pecans in 1 cup of the flour until coated. Set aside. Cream butter and 2 cups sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in yolks one at a time. Sift together remaining 2 cups flour, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves. Add to creamed mixture, alternating with milk, mix until blended. Fold in raisin, pecan and coconut mixture. In a clean bowl, whip egg whites until stiff peaks develop. Fold into batter until no streaks remain. Divide batter into four 9 inch baking pans (about 1 1/2 to 2 cups per pan). Bake in preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pans 10 minutes, then turn out onto wire racks to finish cooling. To make the filling: Mix 2 cups sugar and 1/4 cup flour in a saucepan, add water and stir until dissolved. Chop lemons and oranges into small pieces and add to saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook until thick, about 10 minutes. Add 2 cups coconut. Allow to cool. Assemble cake with filling between layers, and ending with filling on top. 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Line or grease 12 muffin cups. Blend together brown sugar, oat bran, flour, baking powder, soda, and salt. Add eggs, chilled applesauce, and vegetable oil. Mix until well-blended. Spoon batter into muffin cups. Let stand 10 minutes. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 15 minutes or until golden brown. VARIATIONS: Add 1 cup plumped raisins, with a little bit of raisin water (approximately 2 tablespoons). Or, before baking, sprinkle mixture of sugar and cinnamon over the tops of the muffins. Or, add 1 teaspoon cinnamon or nutmeg to flour mixture. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9x13 inch cake pan. In a small saucepan, combine 1/2 cup butter, 1/2 cup shortening, 2 ounces chocolate, and water. Heat until chocolate is melted; set aside. In a large bowl, combine flour, sugar, cinnamon, and baking soda. Make a well in the center, and pour in buttermilk, eggs, and vanilla. Add melted butter/chocolate mixture, and beat until smooth. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until cake tests done. Five minutes before cake is done, make frosting. To make frosting: In a saucepan, combine 1/2 cup butter, 2 ounces chocolate, and 6 tablespoons milk. Heat until bubbles form around the edge; remove from heat. Beat in confectioners' sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and nuts. Frost cake while still warm. Allow to cool totally before cutting. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and lightly flour the bottom and sides of two 9 inch round cake pans. In a large mixing bowl combine the cake mix, egg whites, water and cranberry apple sauce. Mix on low speed until batter is moist. Then mix on medium speed for 2 minutes. Pour batter into the prepared pans. Bake cake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes. Cake is done when a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean. Cool cakes on wire racks in pans for 10 minutes. Remove cakes from pans and let finish cooling on racks. To Make Frosting: In a medium sized bowl, beat the softened cream cheese, sugar and 1/2 of the whipped topping until smooth. Fold in the cranberry sauce and the remaining whipped topping. Refrigerate frosting until chilled. When cakes have cooled, frost the center and top of cake only. The frosting will be very soft. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour one 9x13 inch pan. Mix together cake mix, oil, eggs, sour cream, cocoa, chocolate chips, and banana, and beat for two minutes. Pour into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 minutes. Let cool in pan and dust with powdered sugar if desired. ENJOY! 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour one 9x13 inch pan. Combine cake mix, eggs, coffee liqueur and oil in large bowl and mix on medium speed for approximately 2 minutes. Pour into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for approximately 25 minutes (may vary). Done when cake springs back to the touch or toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Set aside on cooling rack. To make pralines: combine butter and brown sugar in small saucepan. Heat on medium to medium high, stirring constantly. Bring to boil for 2 minutes, again stirring constantly. Pour in pecans and remove from heat. Stir, then immediately pour pralines over cake. Cool cake in refrigerator. To make frosting: combine pudding mix, milk, cream cheese, and nondairy whipped topping, and beat with electric mixer until well mixed. Spread on cake. Ready to serve! 
Combine margarine, shortening, peanut butter, milk, vanilla, and butter flavoring. Add confectioners' sugar and beat until creamy. Add more milk, if needed, 1 teaspoon at a time. Spread icing over one layer of a yellow cake. Slice bananas on top. Place second layer on top and frost top and sides. 
Prepare cake according to package instructions and bake in a Bundt pan. Cool and invert onto cutting board. Cut a piece of cardboard large enough to accommodate two Bundt pans. Cover with aluminum foil. Carefully cut the cake in half and place on cardboard in an "S" shape. Decorate with colored icing, candies, etc. 
Measure flour, sugar, soda, cinnamon, and salt, and sift together. Dice bananas and add to dry ingredients with oil ,vanilla, eggs, raisins, water, and nuts. Pour into a greased 10-inch tube pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 1/2 hour or until done. Cool on rack before removing. 
Combine sour cream and sugar; mix well. Stir in coconut. Fold in whipped topping. Spread top and sides of two 9-inch cake layers. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking pan. In a large saucepan over medium heat, combine brown sugar and water. Add raisins, nuts, candied citron, shortening, salt, nutmeg, and cinnamon; bring to a boil and boil 3 minutes. Remove from heat and cool. Sift in flour and baking powder; stir until well blended. Pour into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Remove from oven and cool on a wire rack. Leave in pan and cut into squares. . 
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). In a mixing bowl, beat eggs on high for 5 minutes. Gradually beat in white sugar until thick and lemon-colored. Add pumpkin and lemon juice. In another bowl combine flour, cinnamon, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg; fold into the pumpkin mixture. Grease a 15x10x1 inch baking pan; line with waxed paper. Grease and flour the paper. Spread batter into pan; sprinkle with walnuts. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 15 minutes or until cake springs back when lightly touched. Immediately turn out onto a linen towel dusted with confectioners' sugar. Peel off paper and roll cake up in the towel, starting with the short end. Cool. Meanwhile, in a mixing bowl, beat cream cheese, 1 cup confectioners' sugar, butter, and vanilla until fluffy. Carefully unroll the cake. Spread filling over cake to within 1 inch of edges. Roll up again. Cover and chill until serving. Dust with additional confectioners' sugar, if desired. 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9-inch cake pans or one oblong pan. Sift flour, white sugar, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and salt together. Add brown sugar, 2/3 cup shortening, and buttermilk. Beat 2 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 35 minutes or oblong pan for 45 minutes, until toothpick comes out clean. Cool. Frost. To make frosting: cream butter and 1/2 cup shortening together. Add maple flavoring. Gradually add confectioners' sugar. Gradually add milk and continue beating until light and airy. Add more milk if necessary. Color with maple coloring, if desired. 