"This is a great conversation piece at parties. Adults love it as much as the children do. Get a new garden trowel, medium sized flower pot and artificial flower at a craft store for full effect." 
"This is a great recipe for sweet, fluffy crescent rolls (kind of like a croissant but more dense)." 
"This recipe was given to my mom from our neighbor. The bread is so sweet and delicious! It's still very scrumptious if you choose not to use the glaze. They are the BEST GUARANTEED!" 
"Traditional Czechoslovakian Christmas Bread. Serve with butter. Some people toast it, use jelly, or even butter and powdered sugar...depending upon local customs and family preference. It is a day-long project, but well worth the effort." 
"This is a really good and moist bread." 
"This is a very good bread to have with baked beans, or just on it's own. This recipe can also be used to make rolls." 
"Quick and easy rolled oat bread." 
"A yummy fruit and nut filled oat bread. I also like to use 3 mashed bananas in place of the apples, and sometimes use some of each." 
"Moist bread. Good as written but even better with the addition of raisins, nuts, and spices." 
"One of our Christmas breakfast traditions - we make cherry, apricot and blueberry." 
"Slightly sweet whole wheat bread. Use stone ground flour if available. This is a very big recipe, you may want to divide it in half." 
"A unique bread with a sweet flavor that makes a wonderful holiday gift! It takes about 4 hours to make, so allow yourself plenty of time." 
"Here's some yummy, Chinese dim sum you can make, either plain without meat fillings, or with meat fillings. A wok equipped with a stainless steel steam plate, a plate with holes to allow steam to pass, is required to make these tasty buns. You may use milk in place of the warm water if you wish." 
"Has a texture like angel food cake." 
"This recipe was shared with me by my friend, Sharon. She was given the recipe by her mother. Everyone who has tasted them will agree that they are the best muffins ever!" 
"This cornbread is considered a favorite in our family. It was given to me by my mother-in-law. It is a very thick and hearty cornbread and goes well with most anything. You can also add tomatoes and ground beef." 
"Delicious, light muffins with real maple syrup." 
"There are many, fancy variations on this basic recipe. This recipe works with many types of bread - white, whole wheat, cinnamon-raisin, Italian or French. Serve hot with butter or margarine and maple syrup." 
"I make this delicious French toast on snow days. I use cinnamon-raisin English muffins rather than bread, with great results. Serve with warm maple syrup." 
"These are a delicious cross between a roll and a biscuit. You roll them out like a biscuit, and they rise like a roll." 
"These muffins are a chocolatey treat thanks to the double chocolate punch of cocoa powder and chocolate chips." 
"This may not be New York Pumpernickel, but it is the one we use at home." 
"This is an authentic Indian Naan recipe. I have made this many times. It goes well with Indian curry which has a lot of gravy, such as the Butter Chicken." 
"My grandmother used to serve this with cheese as a pre-dinner snack while we waited for the turkey. She used a heavy cast iron griddle, lightly floured. I use a 1 1/2 inch wood dowel to roll out nice and thin." 
"Very, very chocolate-y! Great with a glass of milk." 
"This makes a great gift for friends and neighbors. Also great for Christmas Bazaar item. Decorate with pretty label and a circle of Christmas fabric under the jar ring. Using the same basic recipe you can substitute different fruits and vegetables to make other varieties." 
"Bread machine recipe." 
"A tasty and healthy toasting bread for cold winter mornings." 
"A moist, heavy loaf. Perfect accompaniment to a rich, thick stew." 
"Great eaten fresh from oven. Used to make sub sandwiches, etc." 
"This is a very easy recipe that has the added bonus of being lowfat! It bakes into a round loaf." 
"This Chinese Steamed Bun recipe has a meat and vegetable filling. The filling is best if allowed to rest in the refrigerator overnight. Use meat that is half fat and half flesh for the most tender filling. A wok equipped with a stainless steel steam plate, a plate with holes to allow steam to pass, is required to make these tasty buns." 
"This is a simple recipe for Char-Siu Bau. A wok equipped with a stainless steel steam plate--a plate with holes to allow steam to pass--is required to make these tasty buns." 
"This moist, dense and nutty Carrot Bread has been a family tradition for years." 
"I have been looking for a good Russian Black Bread recipe. This one is the closest I have come. The vinegar adds a bit of a bite, but believe me, with cheese it is marvelous." 
"Add any fruits, vegetables, nuts and spices that you desire." 
"This recipe uses a white bread straight dough as the base. When making raisin bread, you may use brown sugar instead of white. Grated orange or lemon rind may be added." 
"Delicious, easy-to-make biscuits." 
"This is an Italian Christmas bread. This recipe is only suitable for the bread machine. I have tried it many times successfully, you will love it." 
"I've used dill in breads and just love the flavor, but one day while preparing hamburgers, I wondered if I could use actual pickles. Here is my creation use dill pickle juice for half of the water for the deluxe version. Enjoy!" 
"This recipe will produce the biggest biscuits in the history of the world! Serve these gems with butter, preserves, honey, gravy or they can also be used as dinner rolls...you get the picture. The dough can also be prepared several hours, and up to a day ahead of time. If so, turn dough out onto aluminum foil that has been either floured, lightly buttered or lightly sprayed with cooking spray. Roll up foil until it is sealed, and refrigerate. Don't be surprised if your biscuits rise even higher because the baking powder has had more time to act in the dough. You may have to make a few batches before you get desired results: desired results equals huge mongo biscuits." 
"A delicious dinner roll that is made from beer, honey, and a slight pinch of cinnamon. Excellent with turkey, roasts etc. Different beer may be substituted, but be advised that a highly hopped beer will create an astringent bitter taste. The unique taste comes from the malt used in making the beer." 
"This traditional Polish egg bread is wonderfully light with a slightly sweet flavor." 
"Easy recipe for challah or egg bread using a bread machine. I use the light setting on my bread machine." 
"Pumpkin Bread, a tried and true recipe. I usually make it without the raisins and walnuts, and I get tons of compliments!" 
"Best Ever!" 
"Oatmeal Molasses Bread via the bread machine. I often just use the dough cycle, take the dough out when done, and let it rise on more time. I then bake it in the oven at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 28 minutes. The texture is just like a real homemade loaf. Enjoy!!!!!" 
"This is the bread that Ezekiel lived off of while he was in the desert for two years. It is supposed to be nutritionally complete. The recipe calls for grinding your own flour from a variety of grains and dried beans." 
"This recipe makes two fruity, moist loaves." 
"This is for a pumpkin quick bread that has cream cheese in the middle. I generally double it, and then it makes three 8 X 4 inch loaves. This recipe freezes well." 
"This is a Swedish Christmas Bread with candied fruits and a yummy cardamom flavor." 
"60% whole wheat bread that works every time!!" 
"Make an outrageously delightful oatmeal bread from your bread machine" 
"This bread takes pumpkin bread to a whole new realm. I invented this one day when thinking of how to make pumpkin bread retain its moistness even longer. Solution: coconut milk!" 
"As Hawaiin as I am, this one is a shocker! But it tastes great, the beer gives it a delightful yeasty taste." 
"This is an easy recipe for a loaf of black bread with caraway seed for bread machines." 
"This is a spicy bread, good with black bean soup. Make it for the chili lover in your life." 
"Old fashioned New England flavor using a bread machine! You can mix the bread in the machine then bake it in the regular oven using your favorite pans, I do." 
"Savory and tasty!" 
"A trip to the health food store will be necessary for these flapjacks, but it is worth it. While there, pick up some real maple syrup to serve with them!" 
"THIS IS NOT AN EASY BREAD TO MAKE! It is tricky, but worth the effort for one who loves that very different, pungent smell of salt-rising bread. The cornmeal used for the starter must contain the inner germ of the corn and a constant warm temperature must be maintained." 
"Pretzels where the dough is mixed in the bread machine." 
"Make something special to share with a friend! This delicious starter can make a variety of breads. Do not use metal containers or utensils." 
"This bread can be frozen and is very easy to make." 
"Crusty, chewy bread ribboned with a savory filling. This is an authentic French recipe." 
"This bread is a little heavier than ordinary bread. But it is gluten-free and easy to make." 
"Very moist and so delicious." 
"Melt in your mouth lemony-goodness! These muffins are LEMONY, but delicious! If you prefer, use less lemon juice for the glaze and substitute equal amount of milk for glaze. Or, simply forgo the glaze but this really adds to the overall taste. Also, you may use 24 mini-muffin tins, bake only 10-12 minutes." 
"Over the years I have revised this recipe until I found just the right mix. It is incredibly moist and flavorful. It may take longer to cook so be patient." 
"This is the staple bread of Ethiopia. It is traditionally made with teff, a very finely milled millet flour. Regular millet flour from a health food store will work fine. Use this bread to sop up the flavors of spicy stews." 
"You can either bake this bread or fry it. For variety, I like to make four of each." 
"Bread Machine raisin bread - very quick, very easy, foolproof - a huge hit at my house!" 
"Hot cross buns! Hot cross buns!" 
"Whole wheat hot cross buns from scratch." 
"Simple sourdough bread for the bread machine." 
"This is wonderful with spaghetti, lasagna, or another Italian dish, but my family likes it with almost anything. It's very good if made the day before you need it, then split down the middle, buttered, and reheated at mealtime. I use a bread machine, but it can be made without. I like to use the dough cycle, then bake it in a French loaf pan." 
"This bread is a favourite with our family, either fresh or toasted." 
"This bread stays fresh longer than any 'standard' white bread we have tried." 
"This recipe is for the bread machine. It is similar to homemade grandmother's sweet bread." 
"This makes a crust for one large homemade pizza, mmmm, good! Be sure all your ingredients are at room temperature." 
"This bread goes great with any Italian meal, or anytime by itself. It's denser and heartier than most yeast breads, and has a thick crust. It has all the flavors of an authentic hand-made loaf, but it comes from the bread machine!" 
"Great with pasta and stuff or to toast and snack on." 
"Irish Soda Bread for the bread machine. This recipe makes a wonderfully tasty loaf." 
"Vegan bread, that's low fat and healthy. Quinoa and spelt flours are available at most health food stores." 
"A whole wheat sourdough bread for the bread machine. The whole wheat flour adds a nice flavor and texture to your basic sourdough bread." 
"After much trial and error, I've come up with this basic scone recipe which rivals the scones at Tea & Sympathy in NYC." 
"This is a variation of Beer Bread. It makes a fat-free, loaf shaped 'biscuit' that does not brown very well. Sliced thin, it makes a great toast for breakfast." 
"Bread bowls from frozen bread dough. These are great. Serve these with a salad or a very thick soup." 
"Soft bread sticks from frozen dinner roll dough. These are similar to what many restaurants serve." 
"Moist banana bread for the bread machine. All the flavor less of the work!" 
"This bread is wonderful and sweet. Omit the raisins for just a plain good cinnamon bread." 
"A white bread recipe without a strong yeast flavor. Proofing the yeast first eliminates some of the yeast taste from the final product." 
"This is an old family favorite, handed down for years, the outside of the doughnut is crisp and the inside is light and chewy. This does make a HUGE batch, first timers may want to half it. These are worth the effort." 
"This bread has all the qualities of a quick bread plus great texture and a heavenly crust. The riper the bananas, the better the flavor. Steel-cut oats are the old-fashioned kind that are not pre-cooked, quick-cooking, or instant. You can find them in health food stores or in groceries that carry specialty type items." 
"A very easy, very good tasting bread. Best if made the day before, or several hours before serving." 
"Bread when eaten warm and topped with butter can't be beat. The sour cream is not necessary, but makes a better texture bread." 
"You may find these buns in the local Chinese restaurants. They do take time to make but they are yummy!" 
"This fruity, yeast bread is very addictive. It is good for breakfast, tea time, and after dinner snacks." 
"Tasty pizza crust! Dough may be frozen after being rolled out to use at a later date. Cover it with the toppings of your choice." 
"This is a sweet bread, made into a round loaf." 
"This is a very quick, easy bread, and is also very moist." 
"Great during the summer. Can assemble with favorite toppings and cook right on the grill! You may use whole wheat flour in this recipe if you prefer." 
"Nothing smells better than home-baked bread--this is a hearty bread, great with mustard, corned beef, Swiss cheese, and sauerkraut." 
"Wheat allergies? Try spelt!" 
"This recipe is from Italy. The Italians love it, especially at Easter time." 
"This is a sprouted bread recipe - very old, and said to have been created back in the biblical days. Also, this recipe literally, takes days to make. Your efforts and time will be well rewarded with a couple of the most singular breads-solid, sweet, and moist. Wheat berries are available from your local natural foods store. Traditionally, Essene bread was probably baked on hot rocks under scorching sunlight, but where I and most of us live, this is not possible. Baking at the oven temperatures which I suggest might destroy the sprout enzymes, but monitoring baking loaves for much longer than 2 hours is too long for me. Guaranteeing the preservation of the enzymes might require baking at a very low temperature for perhaps 4 hours. If you have the stamina, then go for it." 
"Yum! What can be better than a hot sticky bun for breakfast-or a late night snack? Pop one (leftover) into the microwave for a few seconds to make them taste fresh from the oven." 
"Cheesy, applely bran muffins that make a great breakfast or afternoon snack." 
"Great with a cup of coffee or tea or anytime! You may substitute chopped dried pears for the dried cherries if you wish." 
"This is a very easy bread to make. Monkey bread also has been called Bubble Bread and Pull Apart Bread." 
"Cream cheese filled muffins." 
"Use skim milk and this recipe is fat free!" 
"This recipe has been created with the idea of lowering the fat content. These are so delicious -- you'll never miss the fat!! Can also be made as a quick bread. Pour batter into an 8 x 4 inch loaf pan, and bake at 350 degrees F for 45 to 50 minutes." 
"Almost like a cupcake. If you want more chocolate and/or more sweetness, you might try adding chocolate chips." 
"Kids and kids-at-heart love this! Make sure to use jelly, the sugar content in jam will hinder the success of this recipe. You may use any flavor jelly that you please." 
"A quick banana bread for the bread machine. Use the DOUGH setting for mixing, then BAKE with the control set to light." 
"Very good!!! The extra sugar makes for a better rise." 
"This steamed bread is made with graham flour, a coarsely ground whole wheat flour. The cooking method makes it moist." 
"You can vary the flavor of this bread with your choice of olive - Kalamata, Amfisa, Arbequina, Niscoise ... ... ...." 
"A nice texture and flavor, great with any Italian food. Grill with a little butter and garlic for garlic bread." 
"Batter Bread is a no-knead yeast bread using unbleached all-purpose flour. Hint: All yeast bread doughs rise best at about 85 degrees F. Put in oven with a bowl of hot water on bottom shelf. Inside a gas oven with a pilot light is ideal." 
"I learned how to make these growing up watching my mother Alma. We have never used an actual recipe, but for your convenience I came up with one." 
"These are though to be the original pancake. Serve them hot with maple syrup. They are also known as hoecakes. Serve hot with honey and butter." 
"I adapted this for a bread machine from an old recipe. We always have these on Easter morning." 
"A yeast doughnut coated with sugar." 
"Yes, this is French toast, but a superior one. Unlike normal French toast this batter cooks into a custardy, crispy coating that leaves the bread creamy and oh so good. The use of good egg bread is a must here. Homemade is best, however store bought (such as Hawaiian bread) will work in a pinch." 
"This was given to me by a friend who also uses a bread machine." 
"Aloha! Here in Hawaii, malasadas are the ONLY donuts we have! They are sold at fundraisers and are very popular. There are many Portuguese descendants in the islands. Onolicious!" 
"A light, high volume bread machine bread. It works well when you use the Dough selection, and allow the bread to rise in a bread pan." 
"This bread contains no wheat, eggs, cow's milk, or yeast. I find all of these ingredients in our large health food store and food co-op." 
"This bread is very good right out of the oven, or toasted. Dried blueberry's are hard to find and very expensive; try the Baker's Catalog. The expense is worth every bit!" 
"Herb dinner rolls: these go with everything!" 
"Grated lemon or orange rind may be added to this recipe for a slightly different flavor." 
"Absolutely the best! Soft crust and well risen." 
"This recipe includes directions for making lemon sauce, a perfect complement to a spicy bread pudding." 
"You'll be glad you put the effort into this recipe when you get a ring-shaped bread loaf filled with Muenster cheese." 
"Ciao! This is an old recipe, hence the enormous measurements. Makes enough for a huge Italian family! You can half the recipe; leave yeast and eggs the same. They are excellent with wine or coffee, and make good teething biscuits if you leave out the fennel seeds." 
"Light yeast rolls." 
"This is the 'traditional' ponczki made by most Polish Grandmothers, like mine. These take time and patience, but the product is worth it. Preferred, traditional frying method is with lard but oil will work fine. I usually mix equal portions. Grandma used a large paper bag, and dropped them in immediately after removing from the fryer. The bag absorbs a lot of the oil. Then, she transferred them to another clean bag, added her choice of coating, and shook the bag." 
"Enjoy this light, nutty-flavoured loaf toasted in the morning, or as a foundation for your favorite sandwich. Toast seeds for a nuttier flavour." 
"Melt in your mouth quick bread for the bread machine." 
"A strong tasting cheese bread." 
"This is an old Slovak recipe. In Slovak it is called Roshky. The rolls are filled with lekvar, a thick, soft fruit spread. This is an all day project. This recipe will make 7 or 8 twelve inch loaves, or some dough may be reserved for lekvar squares." 
"This bread is made with spelt flour. Spelt and lecithin can be purchased at health food stores." 
"This is rich filling bread stuffed full of pepperoni and sausage. It's good as meal with a green salad on the side." 
"These biscuits are cheesy and rich, and fairly close to the ones a famous seafood restaurant chain serves." 
"These go great with Italian sauce dishes, we eat them also as a snack like pretzels! The recipe was given to me from a great Italian cook!" 
"This delicious recipe is quick and easy when you are pressed for time. I bet you can't eat just one of them!!" 
"A rich eggy bread, made easier by preparing the dough in the bread machine." 
"An easy to make batter bread it's also called Sally Lunn Bread." 
"This a very simple recipe to make and a very flavorful one at that, I do believe that everyone will love it! You may use thawed frozen blueberries if fresh ones are unavailable." 
"These Mexican sweet buns have a streusel topping. A chocolate streusel variation is included. You can shape these into seashells, ovals, or horns." 
"A delicious whole grain bread. It is my favorite bread of all time! It is for bread makers. You may substitute vegetable oil for flaxseed oil if flaxseed oil is unavailable." 
"I have been using this recipe for a few years now, and it remains my family's favorite for banana bread! The combination of bananas and cream cheese make this a very moist bread." 
"This is a moist banana bread recipe that I make fairly often with leftover, very ripe bananas." 
"Use a good sourdough starter, one you have tended to, for best flavor." 
"This recipe for fougasse, the French version of the Italian focaccia bread, is topped with mixed herbs. The flat bread can be slashed to form shapes (a leaf, tree, or wheat stalk), or the slits can be cut to form a lattice, making the bread easy to pull apart." 
"Quick and easy to make, oh so fruity, and very yummy!!" 
"This muffin has a little bit of everything - carrots, raisins, apple butter, wheat germ, nuts. A perfect start for your day!" 
"This is a recipe for a sweet sourdough starter known as Herman. There are a number of things that can be made from it. It's very important to NOT use metal utensils or bowls! It will take 15 days for the starter to mature and be ready to use the first time you make it. After that it can be ready for use every 10 days." 
"This is a great biscuit recipe for using Herman sourdough starter." 
"This cake like bread is the perfect accompaniment to your morning cup of coffee. It uses Herman sweet sourdough starter." 
"This is so good and reminds me of a real moist kind of a sweet quick bread. Everybody asks for the recipe: this bread is moist, and easy to make too. Note: If you are using frozen blueberries, you can thaw them in the microwave for about 3 minutes. However, you need to increase the amount of blueberries to 3/4 cup." 
"These muffins are made with bran cereal, and sweetened with pineapple juice, brown sugar, and honey. The recipe requires the batter to be refrigerated for at least 3 hours. It can be made the night before, and then baked in the morning. Makes 20 regular muffins, or 12 jumbo muffins." 
"A slightly sweet bread with a great flavor combination of raisins and caraway seeds." 
"These are wheat free, dairy free, low sugar, low fat muffins and you'd never know it. Sucant is dried can juice. It can be found in health food stores. If you don't eat them in the first two days, freeze them. Thaw in microwave for 30 seconds apiece and they will taste freshly baked." 
"A wonderful way to use the extra bounty of summer, and make a tasty treat. You can adjust the recipe to suit your family's tastes, or create your own variations. For an optional topping use any, all or a combination of the following: equal parts brown sugar, chopped nuts and mini chocolate chips. Sprinkle tops of muffins just prior to baking." 
"This pull-apart bread accented with orange zest makes a nice treat to go with coffee. It's been Grandpa approved!" 
"A very nice whole wheat bread with the taste of honey. Great right out of the oven." 
"Another recipe for the Herman Sweet Sourdough Starter in case you're having trouble giving it away! Try finishing these rolls with your favorite glaze!" 
"Yet another use for your Herman starter. For a variation try making a loaf of bread from your dough. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes." 
"This batter can be stored in your refrigerator, unbaked for 6 weeks. Use only the amount you want each day. Mine never seems to last that long!" 
"The dough will look resemble a batter, almost pourable. Take care not to add too much flour. If using all-purpose flour, use a little less as it is heavier than bread flour. Great to eat hot from the oven with butter." 
"A traditional Native American bread. Great served with honey, jam, or butter." 
"A low-fat banana bread flavored with chai. Chai is a spicy Indian tea, which should be available in many supermarkets." 
"I tried long and hard to find the ultimate cinnamon bun recipe for bread machines...this is it. They are so soft and yummy!" 
"My family LOVES bread pudding, and this recipe is one that I have fine tuned to their taste. I have to double this recipe, and bake it in a 9x13 inch pan for my family! It's great for breakfast or dessert and is delicious with milk poured on top! Enjoy!" 
"Quick and easy bagels you can make with your bread machine! You can use whatever topping that you wish, many like poppy seeds." 
"A traditional New Orleans-style recipe for their famous beignets! Grab a cafe au lait and you're set!" 
"Yet another way to utilize your sourdough starter. Try topping these yummy pancakes with fresh fruit and whipped cream. I hope you like them! The amount of water can be adjusted depending on the consistency of your starter." 
"You can use any flavor of jelly or jam to make this recipe. Serve plain, sugared, or frosted." 
"This is an old Southern recipe for a quick and easy solution to a need for homemade muffins." 
"This is a wonderful whole wheat cracker-like bread. It is great topped with butter or cheese. Better yet, it is simple, too!" 
"Use as you would a baking mix. The possibilities are endless!" 
"A basic white bread recipe without the gluten. Easily made in your bread machine! Xanthan gum and the exotic flours are usually easily found in your local health food store." 
"The combination of chocolate, cinnamon and apple make a great sweet bread that all will love!" 
"A very simple muffin recipe. Try them with your favorite hot beverage for an early morning treat. Quick note: if using sweetened coconut, eliminate the honey." 
"This is a quick bread that my mom used to make every summer with the zucchinis from the garden." 
"A crusty, chewy pizza crust! Our family's favorite! Try make two pizza crusts at once by removing the dough from the machine once it hits the rise cycle and place in a separate bowl. Now you are ready to begin the second crust!" 
"Hearty and delicious, this bread tastes and smells great." 
"This is my favorite recipe. I have had this recipe since I was in high school. All my friends love it. Hope you enjoy it!" 
"This is the real stuff! Find your cast iron skillet and whip up a batch of cornbread tonight!" 
"This is a great recipe for showers, luncheons, or other parties. It can be easily doubled or tripled." 
"A tasty biscuit with a flavor kick courtesy of bell pepper and pimentos." 
"A moist bread with different spices than standard zucchini bread recipes. This is the best one I've tried, thanks to my stepmom-in-law. I like to freeze the shredded zucchini, and make this in the fall and winter. It's wonderful to serve at the Thanksgiving table." 
"A special Scandinavian treat. Beginner lefse makers might want to make only a third of the portion the first time through! Serve any number of ways. A favorite is with butter or margarine and sugar. Some people like cinnamon with this, too. Jellies make an excellent topping as do thinly sliced fried sandwich meat." 
"Calzones are a fun variation for pizza lovers! Try substituting frozen chopped spinach for the broccoli. All-purpose flour will work if you do not have bread flour handy!" 
"These Italian breads remind me of a folded-over pizza. They are filled with such yummy ingredients!" 
"Another way to fill your calzones!" 
"Dark beer adds a unique twist to this recipe. You may substitute raisins or currants for the dates if you wish." 
"This is a yummy variation of Amish Friendship Bread. It's one of my family's favorites! It's versatile enough to make muffins, too. Just add 3 tablespoons of the batter into greased muffin tins and reduce the baking time to 23-25 minutes." 
"I am a nine year old third grader and made up this recipe with a little help from mom. It is really good with a thin layer of peanut butter spread on it. I hope you enjoy it!" 
"The Moss Family's favorite bread. Great flavor and easy to make!" 
"This bread is a greek type of bread that tastes almost like cake, although the sugar content is much lower. It makes a terrific breakfast bread." 
"This recipe is from my mom. Makes a very crusty bread. You can substitute half of the flour amount with whole wheat flour." 
"A tender, old-fashioned Southern biscuit recipe from my mother-in-law. Grab your cast iron skillet, and you are ready to make these tasty biscuits!" 
"Granny's best bread recipe, ever! Try it for yourself!" 
"These are similar to doughnuts but much tastier! They are usually made on Shrove Tuesday (Fat Tuesday)." 
"This broccoli cornbread turns out extra moist and flavorful because of the cottage cheese. Try it tonight!" 
"Fantastic with any Italian dish! I use fresh herbs from my garden when they are available. When using fresh herbs, double the given amount. The smell will make it impossible to wait. ENJOY!" 
"This is a soft waffle. A childhood favorite." 
"This bread is the perfect accompaniment to a strong cup of coffee. Spread with cream cheese to start the day off right!" 
"This bread is great lightly toasted for breakfast or anytime!" 
"This bread is so good and it makes the house smell heavenly while it bakes!" 
"A Mexican sweet corn cake with a spoon bread consistency." 
"This is a great treat! Very different from the usual bread-machine breads! It is perfect served fresh and warm or toasted and then broiled with a little mozzarella cheese. Enjoy!" 
"This is a traditional sourdough rye starter made with wild yeast. It takes some time, and a watchful eye." 
"Use unwashed, organically grown red or purple grapes for this recipe. The white powder found on the skins of the grapes is yeast. If you wish, you can switch to bread flour on the 5th day. The starter is fully active and ready to use in 9 days." 
"They are juicy and crunchy. Try them and you'll enjoy them! Muesli cereal is blend of cereal grains and can sometimes include dried fruits." 
"I have had this recipe for many years and it is a treat during the holidays." 
"An easy, delicious dinner roll to prepare--no shaping needed. You may want to double the recipe!" 
"Banana and chocolate, a great combination, they go so well together! Quick and easy to make as well." 
"This is a version of the bread that is made for the November 2 celebration known as the Dia de los Muertos (Day of the Dead) in Mexico. You can also mold the bread into different shapes like angels and animals." 
"A hearty grain and seed filled sourdough bread. Any good sourdough starter will work in this bread. The Rye Starter is just an example of one type of starter to use." 
"Buckwheat pancakes are the best! I love them with a fresh blueberry syrup and loads of sweet cream butter!" 
"Yummy muffins made with a sourdough starter, just the way my grandmother (a professional baker) taught me." 
"These moist muffins are really small, that's what makes them cute! The spiciness makes them delightfully delicious!" 
"A baked French toast that makes it's own syrup. You prepare it the night before then bake it in the morning. Great for a crowd at breakfast like a sleepover party or before heading up to the slopes!" 
"Glazed pumpkin bread with chocolate chips. This is really good stuff." 
"Granny made these and every time I make them I think of her. Hope you enjoy them! Serve these with your favorite burrito or fajita recipe!" 
"A nice change from a traditional loaf of white bread." 
"These are my favorite rolls in the whole world. They have the corny taste of a cornmeal muffin, but are a yeast roll that you can serve with a fancy dinner." 
"A quick bread, moist and full of raisins and nuts. A family favorite for the winter holidays." 
"This sweet Portuguese bread is made in the bread machine." 
"Made with quick-rise yeast, this is a sweeter, richer challah that lends itself especially well to Rosh Hashanah or other holiday uses. It is quicker and easier than a standard double-rise recipe, so it's great for those afternoons when you're in a challah of a hurry. Challah was meant to be torn and not sliced. B'tayevon!" 
"These fruity muffins make a perfect snack or light breakfast, plus they're easy to make!" 
"A light and airy favorite bread treat. Serve piping hot and enjoy!" 
"This bread is a little sweeter and richer than the usual raisin bread. For best results, soak the raisins in rum overnight and measure the raisins after soaking." 
"This is white bread with a delicious taste twist. Note: Use only real sour cream for this recipe! But if you don't have barley flour on hand you may substitute bread flour." 
"This recipe was given to me a while back and it is great on Sunday mornings. My boys just love it!" 
"This fragrant bread is better than original banana bread. If you don't have cardamom, you can substitute ground nutmeg. This bread keeps for 5 days without refrigeration." 
"This quick bread recipe tastes like pumpkin pie. Tastes best when served the next day." 
"A fragrant southern style quick bread. Perfect for the holidays." 
"This recipe yields a crust that is soft and doughy on the inside and slightly crusty on the outside. Cover it with your favorite sauce and topping to make a delicious pizza." 
"This is a very old recipe that I got from my deceased friend Holli's Aunt Bert. Everyone will love it." 
"The EASIEST way of making the original flavor of Cakes!" 
"Get nostalgic with this recipe for peanut butter cake featuring a simple frosting." 
"A prize winning chocolate cranberry cake made with a sourdough starter." 
"A delicious, moist and easy cake that tastes like you spent lots of time making it!!" 
"This cake can be frozen for up to 6 months. To make sour milk, mix 1/2 cup milk with 2 teaspoons lemon juice and let stand 10 minutes." 
"Some people do not like the citron found in fruitcakes, so they might like this one. You may substitute pecans if you prefer." 
"This recipe is for the serious cheesecake lover. It is very rich and definitely not low fat. It is best to prepare for dinner guests where a little slice will go a long way. I prefer to make it without the topping, but it is just as good with it. The longer you are able to refrigerate it before serving the better it gets. Enjoy!" 
"This recipe delivers a low-fat version of a perennial favorite through use of applesauce: carrot cake with walnuts, raisins, and pineapple." 
"This is a great conversation piece at parties. Adults love it as much as the children do. Get a new garden trowel, medium sized flower pot and artificial flower at a craft store for full effect." 
"This quick and simple recipe makes enough chocolate chip-studded cake to delight a crowd." 
"This is a rich apple cake served with a warm topping that my grandmother used to make for me. Delicious! This recipe calls for walnuts but pecans are just as delicious!" 
"A cake treat that is sure to melt in your mouth with the delicious taste of cherries and a hint of almonds." 
"You can get a moist chocolate cake without eggs, butter, or milk thanks to this recipe, tested by Grandma and approved by all who try it." 
"This is a wonderful, award winning cake. Feel free to substitute your favorite nuts for the walnuts." 
"This is an easy and very good potluck cake. Serves several." 
"This is great for brunches or family get-togethers, or just any ol' time. It is really good when still warm. I make this cake for Christmas and Easter breakfast when family and friends are here." 
"This cake doesn't need frosting or icing. It is easy for kids to make, and is hard to mess up." 
"My mom used to make this when I was little. It is a very rich and elegant cake. The frosting is very unusual tasting in that it is almost like a custard." 
"This cake is great for potlucks. It is easy to make, and is mixed and baked in the same pan. We got this recipe back in the Girl Scout days, and it has always been a hit!" 
"This recipe is very moist and rich. I have also made it in loaf pans, and given it away for holidays." 
"A great cheesecake made with ricotta cheese AND cream cheese!" 
"This is a great cake for any sweet tooth. It is good served hot too." 
"This is my favorite chocolate cake recipe because of the moist texture and rich, dark chocolate flavor. Enjoy!" 
"This is as quick and easy as cheesecake recipes get, using cookies and graham crackers for a crust in a no-bake cheesecake." 
"This is a good winter holiday cake. Great when topped with whipped cream or nondairy whipped topping." 
"This straightforward recipe delivers moist, dense, and delicious carrot cake with pineapple under a cream cheese frosting." 
"This cake is a Hawaiian favorite. Make your favorite chocolate cake. The real secret is in the frosting." 
"This is called a bread, but tastes more like a cake. I make this mostly during the holidays. The spices in this cake just lend themselves to eggnog and Christmas smells. Recipe will make: 4 small loaves, or 2 medium loaves, or 1 large loaf, or 1 bundt cake." 
"The difference between this and other carrot cakes is the fact that the carrots are pre-cooked instead of raw. It is a really moist cake that is better the day after it is made. Cake tastes best after refrigerating overnight." 
"I got this recipe from my mother-in-law years ago, and it has always been a family favorite. It is real good for potlucks as it is served right out of the pan." 
"This buttercream is great for icing cakes, and writing on them. It gets hard when refrigerated, so you have to let it come to room temperature before serving. You cannot make flowers with this recipe. I use this recipe every time I make birthday cakes for my family." 
"This torte is delicious and very rich with a brownie-like texture studded with walnuts and topped with a chocolate glaze." 
"I won first place with this cake at the Cuyahoga County Fair (Cleveland, Ohio) in 1993. For a nuttier variation, you can substitute 1 cup of the flour with 1 cup of ground pecans." 
"This recipe makes an orange-accented chocolate cake with a coffee-flavored glaze" 
"This recipe uses chocolate cake mix and cherry pie filling for an easy and delicious cake with a frosting made with chocolate chips." 
"This easy recipe makes a wonderfully moist pound cake with plenty of butter and pecans." 
"Yellow cake mix with nutty, chocolate, cinnamon streusel." 
"If you like Irish cream and chocolate, you'll love this recipe. After numerous attempts with the ingredients this is the recipe I now use." 
"Easy fast cake that can be made in the microwave in approximately 12 minutes. My favorite combinations are: chocolate cake mix with cherry pie filling or yellow cake mix with apple pie filling ( I add a bit of cinnamon for flavor to this one.)" 
"This quick recipe uses regular cake mix, any brand, and any type of whipped topping. It is a great dessert for after dinner, or anytime and especially a treat for St. Patrick's Day (easy way to get something "green"). You can use creme de menthe flavoring if you don't have the actual liqueur." 
"Fruity, creamy cake that keeps them coming back for "just one more little piece"!" 
"This cake is just as easy as dumping ingredients in a pan." 
"Rich, moist, easy chocolate cake to feed a crowd. Small serving is more than enough. Great for community dinners or large get togethers of any sort." 
"This is a light, tasty cake that's perfect for dessert or breakfast! It's easy to make and will become one of your favorites!" 
"A very simple and easy-to-make recipe that I created." 
"This recipe uses cherry pie filling to make a quick and good dump cake with walnuts." 
"This recipe requires just a few ingredients to make an easy, quick, and good chocolate icing for cakes, brownies, or cookies." 
"This is an old favorite from my recipe box that I have had for 25 years that 's non-dairy and egg free!" 
"This was my mother's recipe. You may eat it as is or put a fudge frosting on it." 
"This version of Black Forest cake gets you an easy, delicious, and moist cake by using cherry pie filling and devil's food cake mix." 
"This recipe makes a sumptuous carrot cake with cinnamon accents and a homemade cream cheese glaze." 
"Key limes give flavor and a tangy twist to this delicious, buttery glazed-cake recipe." 
"Finally ... here is an easy, delicious, cake for pineapple lovers! And it's lower in fat than most other cakes!" 
"This is a Dutch recipe for 'buttercake' made with plenty of butter, of course, and lemon and vanilla for flavor." 
"A delectable combination of chestnuts, chocolate, and yellow layer cake that makes a great birthday surprise!" 
"I make this cake over and over. It is easy to put together and the frosting of the cake is easy and fast. It goes fast around my house." 
"This is a real rich pound cake which is tasty alone or with ice cream or a fruit topping such as peaches." 
"This is a very quick and simple no bake dessert cake. It uses graham crackers and a pudding mixture. It tastes just like an eclair, but there is enough for a crowd!! It is a great recipe for children who are learning to cook, there is no baking involved or any power kitchen tools. Just a bowl and a spoon!" 
"This old-fashioned banana cake recipe uses buttermilk for extra complexity in flavor." 
"This is an old Seattle recipe for a simple cake to turn overripe bananas into a delicious dessert." 
"Easy and so good for holidays, weddings, or whatever the occasion! It is also good with other flavors of fruit pie filling." 
"Enticingly good served with fresh-off-the-tree apricots. Garnish cake with fresh sliced apricots and dollops of whipped cream or creme fraiche sprinkle with confectioners' sugar if desired." 
"A very dense and rich chocolate cake. This recipe works best if you use sweet cream butter and a very fine quality of chocolate." 
"Caramelized sugar is used as an ingredient in this cake, as well as being used for the glaze." 
"This is the fruitcake my mother made from the time I was a little girl. It isn't full of the citrus fruits and I've never met anyone who didn't like it. You may substitute wine or fruit juice for the brandy." 
"This is a simple recipe but it makes a rich chocolate cake thanks to the addition of grated chocolate and sour cream." 
"This recipe makes a rich spice cake with raisins, given plenty of flavor from the generous use of nutmeg and cinnamon." 
"This is always a hit! I use a mint flavored frosting for this cake." 
"Why not try this citrus cake on a very hot summer day?" 
"Using lemon juice to sour milk in this recipe helps make this chocolate cake very moist and flavorful." 
"It's a very rich fudgy chocolate cake, and is so easy to make!" 
"This recipe was given to me by a friend with whom I exchange recipes. It is so moist and good. Being a nurse, I am always looking for quick easy recipes." 
"This is a very good chocolate cake, when frosted with a chocolate frosting it is a double chocolate treat." 
"My grandchildren love this recipe for a coconut-flavored pound cake." 
"This is a plain white layer cake with a creamy pineapple filling." 
"This is everyone's holiday favorite, even the busy cook's, because it is so easy to make." 
"This is an old fashioned sponge cake with a lemon flavor." 
"Homemade angel food cake is worth the work. It is moist, unlike the sweet styrofoam available in the grocery bakery. A tube pan with a removable bottom is highly recommended." 
"This is a rich chocolate cake with a fudge frosting. If you don't have sour cream, you can use sweet cream and add 1 tablespoon of lemon juice or vinegar." 
"My children always loved this cake. They are grown now, but when they come home they ask me to have "the cake" made. It is an easy recipe." 
"This is like eating an upside down german chocolate cake." 
"A favorite of youngsters in our house. Grownups love them too!" 
"This rich chocolate cake is very easy to make." 
"A very good and moist cake with a lovely pink color perfect for birthdays, showers, or anniversaries." 
"A touch of red food coloring gives this buttercream frosting recipe a lovely pink hue." 
"This cake isn't really green, it's the frosting that's green and unique." 
"Use white cake mix and strawberry gelatin mix to make this recipe for the best strawberry cake ever!" 
"It's a wonderful, easy, light cheese filled cake... but not a cheesecake!" 
"A lovely fruit cocktail cake, simple and delicious." 
"This is a very good tasting cake, and easy to make." 
"I experimented for years to come up with a brownie made with matzoh... this is the best!" 
"This recipe makes an excellent Birthday cake during those hot summer months!" 
"This is an easy cheesecake to prepare, yet it is fancy enough for dinner parties." 
"The melding of banana, coconut and pecans give this cake a unique flavor. Best if made a day before serving." 
"Quick and easy cake topped with cinnamon sugar. Quite good for breakfast." 
"A not too sweet cake packed with raisins. Perfect with coffee or tea and a wonderful departure from the typically sweet holiday goodies." 
"A beautiful sponge layer cake filled with a delightful ricotta cheese filling." 
"Yummy banana-coconut frosting." 
"Gingerbread is an old-fashioned, warm, and spicy treat you can make easily at home with this recipe." 
"This cake starts with a white cake mix and ends up with four layers with a yummy coconut filling." 
"The classic pineapple upside down cake made with fresh pineapple. Serve with dollops of creme fraiche." 
"A luscious, tender cake that goes well with many different types of fillings and frostings." 
"This is an old-fashioned, but easy-to-make devil's food cake recipe. Pound cake like texture and sinfully chocolately. This is from an old Philadelphia Bakery. Great when frosted with Chocolate Fudge Buttercream Frosting." 
"Easy and creamy chocolate fudge frosting. Tastes heavenly. Use on cooled devil's food cake for a death by chocolate experience." 
"I got this recipe, as well as so many others, from my favorite aunt. She loved to bake--she used to say it was her "therapy," and I feel the same way!" 
"This is the cake my family always traditionally took on picnics and any other family get-together. Cream may be substituted for the milk for a richer cake." 
"Delicious coffee flavored chocolate frosting. Cream may be substituted for the milk for added richness." 
"This cake has a sweet, rich flavor, and is easy to make." 
"This was a favorite of my family's when growing up - my Mom's specialty. I have entered this cake in several local agricultural fairs and it has won the blue ribbon three times and a best in show!" 
"This is our family's New Year's cake. A coin is baked in the cake, and the person who finds the coin in their slice is has good luck for the year; they also get a prize." 
"This cheesecake is made with bittersweet chocolate. Beautiful garnished with fresh mint leaves." 
"This is a nice tender cake - one of my Mom's specialties from years ago. It is a great cake to take along to a picnic." 
"Incredibly moist cake is also great for muffins. Very light-it will disappear very quickly." 
"My family loves this cake. Frost with a cream cheese frosting with one ripe banana added and confectioners' sugar sprinkled over the top." 
"This frosting is good for many types of cakes including carrot cakes, apple cakes, and spice cakes. Add flavorings to compliment the cake you are frosting. Try 1 1/2 teaspoons of grated lemon or orange rind, 1 teaspoon any extract, 1 teaspoon of liqueur, or a mashed banana." 
"This recipe for a chocolate version of spice cake is very moist and features prominent clove and cinnamon flavors." 
"This recipe for spice cake with raisins is simply good with a cream cheese frosting." 
"This is an easy recipe for a rum-soaked cake filled with walnuts and a rum glaze." 
"This is a delicious cake, great for birthdays. I have always been asked for the recipe whenever I serve this cake. Enjoy!" 
"This is a family favorite. It is a moist, delicious cake with just a hint of sherry. This cake does not need frosting. Try out the varied combinations too." 
"This is my husband's favorite cake. It is two layers of yellow cake with a lemonade flavored ice cream center. Wonderful on a hot day." 
"Very light pound cake. Tastes just like Sara Lee's!" 
"A moist nutty cake with the deep flavor of dark rum." 
"This cake is also great for the cake part of Pineapple Upside Down Cake; just don't take the 1/2 cup of crumbs out when making Pineapple Upside Down Cake." 
"Tangy lemonade flavored whipped cream frosting works very well with yellow or white cakes." 
"If you really like chocolate you're gonna love this. I will drive 500 miles to grandma's just for this cake." 
"It gives you an extremely unique taste with a lot of moisture, and goes very well with a scoop of vanilla ice cream." 
"For the true chocolate lover, this cake is moist and dense and you are going to love it. Great with cream cheese frosting or cooked fudge frosting." 
"This is an extremely moist and delicious cake. The coffee liqueur gives it an exceptionally rich and unique flavor. It is wonderfully complemented when served with coffee drinks as an after-dinner treat." 
"The rich and buttery pound cake from this easy recipe keeps fresh for many days." 
"This unique recipe delivers a moist spice cake, thanks to the use of prunes, and a homemade mocha icing with coffee and cocoa powder." 
"This family-favorite recipe delivers a simple tea-time cake with the bright, sunshine-y flavors of lemon and vanilla." 
"A fruity spice cake that has been in our family for years. The frosting is really tasty." 
"A quick and easy cake--we eat it for breakfast at our house." 
"A wonderful pound cake full of maraschino cherries and a creamy cherry and cream cheese icing." 
"This is a great warm weather dish, since it needs no baking, just overnight refrigeration. My sister gave me this recipe years and years ago. You can buy a pre-made pound cake or make one." 
"This is a recipe that is simple to make and always makes people at parties rave. Garnish with dollops of whipped cream and reserved cherries." 
"This recipe becomes a favorite as soon as it is tasted. It was once referred to as 'sinfully rich and velvety smooth'. Best if made a day before serving." 
"This is a dense cheesecake that is very smooth and melts in your mouth. The white chocolate brandy sauce tops it off. I just nap it over the center of the slice of cheesecake on the plate. I garnish it with mint leaves and either raspberries or strawberries." 
"This is one of my mother's cake recipes for a birthday. I love this recipe and it tastes great." 
"This cake is great for any occasion even birthdays and special occasions. This is one of my mother's favorite special occasion cakes." 
"This is a moist and tender cake with plenty of orange flavor." 
"I make it with a Butterscotch Filling and a Chocolate Glaze." 
"This filling complements chocolate cakes especially well. This recipe makes enough to fill one 2 layer cake." 
"This a simple glaze, and can be made in either a double boiler or the microwave." 
"It's a shame that fruitcake as a species gets such a bad rap. With its two key ingredients--rum and butter--it ought to be a hit. This recipe includes dried fruit, instead of the glowing, candied stuff we've all learned to associate with fruitcake, and is less dense and more cake-like than many fruitcake recipes. It has become a favorite of my friends and family around the holidays (even the skeptical ones), and is delicious by itself, or covered with a layer of almond paste." 
"This is a rich, chocolate cake that's not overly sweet. Serve with a scoop of ice cream or whipped cream over top and enjoy!" 
"My sisters and I always requested this cake for our birthdays. Now, my daughters ask for it for their birthdays!" 
"This is a creamy chocolate frosting with flecks of hard chocolate." 
"This is a good cake for entertaining. It's very decorative as well." 
"A lovely and moist lemon-flavored cake is what you'll get from this easy cake recipe." 
"This is a fine cake with the wonderful essence of fresh oranges. Perfect for any occasion." 
"This cake is made with three layers: Cake, filling, and topping. There are 4 types of milk in the filling and topping (whole milk, condensed milk, evaporated milk, and heavy cream). This is an excellent cake for milk lovers!" 
"An alternative to the usually high fat carrot cake. Moist and delicious." 
"This is my mother's very old recipe, at least 60 years old. My mother baked this for my wedding, and it sure is delicious and also a great Christmas cake. This is a very long recipe, but well worth the trouble. You can substitute a cup of drained maraschino cherries for the candied cherries, if you like." 
"I've tried many carrot cakes, and this is my favorite recipe. If you don't like pecans, feel free to leave them out." 
"This light fruitcake is what some people prefer, and my mother always made both kinds for everyone's taste at Christmas. This recipe is also very old." 
"This cake is great for potlucks!" 
"It is a delicious cake with a special syrup on it, and a meringue frosting. This cake requires refrigeration, and is served cold." 
"Lemon Bundt(R) cake gets a tropical twist thanks to the addition of Key lime juice and lemon pudding mix to the batter." 
"You can make this tasty cake lower in fat by using 1/2 cup butter, 1/2 cup applesauce, non-fat sour cream, and egg beaters." 
"This is one of my favorite easy cakes. I usually have this for my birthday cake." 
"Light and fluffy, easy and elegant. This recipe is from my Mom!" 
"Buttercream icing for wedding cakes." 
"Love those peaches!" 
"This is my favorite Pineapple Upside-Down Cake recipe out of the ones that I have tried. Hope you like it!" 
"Chocolate cake with melted caramels, nuts, and chocolate chips in the middle." 
"This easy recipe makes a great-tasting chocolate cake with chocolate frosting using chocolate cake mix and cherry pie filling." 
"Great Halloween cake! You'll need a new kitty litter box, box liner and litter scoop as props to get the full effect with this cake!" 
"My mom made this cake while living in the Depression. It is so good, I hope this fills your needs and your memories." 
"This super recipe is easy to make, using yellow cake mix, canned cherries, and crushed pineapple to make a dump cake." 
"Chocolate cake with a gooey caramel, pecan filling." 
"Really good with the added plus of being sugar free." 
"Just dump all ingredients into a bowl, and there you have it...cake!" 
"Use German chocolate cake mix, hot fudge dessert topping, and chocolate-covered English toffee to make this crazy-good cake recipe." 
"Fresh strawberries and rhubarb make a delectable combination." 
"The addition of mayonnaise makes this easy chocolate cake recipe nice and moist." 
"This has a nice fresh lemon flavor. Makes nice muffins, also." 
"A family favorite -- great for the Christmas holiday." 
"The flavors of pineapple, coconut, and orange make this recipe perfect for cake on a hot summer day!" 
"Easy, easy, easy, and oh, so good! Make this a day ahead of serving." 
"A light and fluffy cake with a packaged cake mix base and a wonderful, easy topping - from mixing to eating in less than 2 hours! And oh, so good!" 
"Very moist dense cake." 
"This is a great dessert, especially nice for holidays, but it can be served anytime of the year. The resulting pumpkin roll slices will impress your guests. The pumpkin roll is not as hard to make as it sounds. Be sure and use plain canned pumpkin, and not pumpkin pie mix." 
"Easy, moist and yummy. Recipe may be cut in half for one cake." 
"Our favorite--everyone wants this for their birthday cake! It is especially delicious with the White Frosting recipe, below." 
"A true Swiss Baumkuchen is almost impossible to make at home. It requires a rotating spit, and almost a gallon of batter, and loads of time. This is a smaller version, although it too takes time. The results taste a little like a Kit-Kat bar. The many layers will remind you of the famous Dobostorte." 
"This is a very strange recipe in the fact that it could probably not be done without the use of modern electrical gadgets. Although it takes time to make, it is wonderful. I set a timer so that I don't get too anxious and not mix this frosting enough." 
"Vanilla cheesecake with a graham cracker crust. Best served after overnight refrigeration." 
"Dried cherries are reconstituted with almond extract to give this cake recipe a delightful flavor that goes great with coffee." 
"This recipe delivers a moist and flavorful cake studded with apple chunks, raisins, coconut, and walnuts." 
"Chocolate cake with peanut butter icing. This recipe has been a favorite for birthdays in my family for years. The cake is very moist." 
"Delicious chocolate layer cake that melts in your mouth." 
"A creamy chocolate frosting good for chocolate cakes. Makes enough to frost one layer cake." 
"My favorite dessert to make has to be cheesecakes. This is just one of many that gets a lot of requests. It is sweet and tangy just like its more familiar cousin, the pie. I usually serve it with whipped cream and lime slices. Enjoy!" 
"This is my mother's cake recipe from the depression. It is also my favorite chocolate cake." 
"Use this recipe to get an ideal buttercream for frosting and borders on cakes, cupcakes, or even cookies." 
"Recipe for chocolate mayonnaise cake that is baked in a 9 x 13 inch pan." 
"My mother-in-law gave this recipe to me, and I get compliments all the time." 
"This cake uses fresh peaches. Serve with whipped cream." 
"This citrus-flavored cake recipe features a layer of cherries and canned peaches for a delicious spin on the pineapple-flavored classic." 
"Your guests will never guess that sauerkraut delivers the extra flavor to this chocolate cake with a fluffy and creamy frosting." 
"This simple recipe makes a fluffy chocolate frosting you'll be happy to use on your best cakes, cupcakes, and even cookies." 
"This recipe is quick and easy, and can be made with ingredients at hand. Serve it to those guests who strike unexpectedly." 
"Very rich, moist cake. Eat sparingly. This recipe came from my cousin Marty." 
"Layer cake make with candy bars, frosted and drizzled with melted caramel. M-m-mmmm!" 
"Easy-to-make chocolate cake with a gooey caramel center--almost like a candy bar." 
"The nougat texture makes this cake perfect as a heavy, moist foundation for scoops of ice cream!" 
"This cake is excellent with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream on top!" 
"This cheesecake tastes even better a day or two or three after it's made. (It's never lasted longer than that at our house!)" 
"Moist and good. No one will guess the secret ingredient." 
"Sour cream brings the tangy to this quick and easy chocolate frosting recipe." 
"This a very rich cake, but mmmmmmmm so good. Best eaten with milk or coffee. You can also make it a Chocolate Gooey Butter Cake if desired. Just use a chocolate cake mix in place of the yellow." 
"This cake is practical and can be for many uses. You can also add fruit in it if you wish." 
"This is an old family recipe from my deceased grandmother, whom I am honoring today by placing her recipe on your site for Mother's Day. I used this recipe to win a cooking contest in 1983 for Pet Dairy, INC. in Sarasota, FL where I worked. I was so surprised and honored to win and I want to share her recipe with all of you." 
"Chocolate cake can be rolled like a jellyroll and filled with whipped cream or mousse." 
"Easy fruitcake that doesn't require baking. You can use mixed candied fruit instead of the cherries and pineapple. In fact, any other type of candied fruit works just as well." 
"You can make gingerbread in your microwave oven using this recipe that also gives a delicious lemon sauce for topping." 
"This is a recipe from one of our family cookbooks. Coconut and nuts can be added." 
"Rich chocolate paired with raspberries--this cake is moist and fudgy. For a special treat, garnish it with fresh raspberries!" 
"Italian dessert cake. Not exactly like what you would get in an authentic Italian restaurant, but still good." 
"Delicious served warm with ice cream. If you don't have buttermilk, you may substitute sour milk. Stir 1 tablespoon of vinegar or lemon juice together with 1 cup of milk and let stand for 10 minutes." 
"We make this, and top it with Broiled Coconut Topping! Really easy!" 
"A creamy meringue frosting. Use sherry instead of vanilla for an interesting change of pace." 
"This cake is a real beauty covered with soft icing. You may substitute sherry for vanilla if you choose." 
"Why this isn't as popular as it once was, I will never know." 
"This is a very good cake, and a large cake at that." 
"Pureed carrot mixes with cream cheese in this very elegant cheesecake that also has a gingersnap and graham cracker crust." 
"This cake was popular during the depression, and does not have eggs in it." 
"This chocolate cake tastes rich enough to be served without frosting. Simply dust top with powdered sugar." 
"A coffee meringue frosting good with chocolate cakes." 
"A friend of mine gave me this recipe years ago. Sometimes I lower the fat content by using fat-free sour cream or yogurt instead of the sour cream. Enjoy! This can also be made into small loaf cakes which can be frozen easily." 
"Moist and buttery cake made from readily available ingredients with a luscious butter sauce." 
"Make this recipe for a chocolate-flavored rum cake using chocolate cake mix and chocolate pudding mix for a cake good for Christmas!" 
"A lady from our church makes this every year for her daughter." 
"Very moist and delicious. Makes a great brunch dessert." 
"This old German recipe for coffee cake features a cinnamon-sugar topping." 
"If you like chocolate, you'll love this chocolate cake made with fudge frosting mix and walnuts." 
"The honey topping was called 'bienstich' by the German bakers who invented it, probably because of its sweetness." 
"This is a pure white wedding cake frosting. You can double the recipe if you have a sturdy mixer. Add milk according to purpose; you need less if you are making flowers or borders than if you are just covering a cake. Remove what you need for decorating before you thin the rest down for frosting." 
"This is an old German recipe. The cake improves with aging, so bake several days ahead." 
"White wedding cake frosting. This is a very good frosting for decorated cakes." 
"The cake you get from this delightfully easy recipe tastes just like the cocktail, thanks to the use of Galliano in the batter and glaze." 
"This is a spice type cake. It is from the depression era or war time rationing." 
"This is a recipe of my great-great grandmother's. It is wonderfully sweet and fresh. It's so delicious, it never lasts long!" 
"Really good and sweet dessert I got from a friend." 
"Buttermilk gives this recipe for a moist pound cake a nice bit of tanginess to complement the lemon extract." 
"Very moist cake, similar to carrot cake." 
"If you like peanut butter without chocolate, you will love this cake. If you don't have cream, you may substitute milk." 
"If you like peanut butter you'll love this frosting, great on chocolate cakes but for a real peanut butter experience try it on a peanut butter cake. If you don't have cream, you may substitute milk." 
"This German cake recipe makes an icing with apricot preserves to deliver an elegant chocolate cake." 
"This has always been a family favorite. Very rich!" 
"This is my son's favorite cake. It stays very moist. I usually frost it with cream cheese frosting, but it is also great plain. It can also be baked in 2 loaf pans for zucchini bread." 
"A chewy bar cake made with raisins. I remember my Mother making this every week for us six children." 
"This chocolate cake recipe features the surprise additions of cola and marshmallows to the batter." 
"Chocolate cake with cola soda and a rich pecan frosting." 
"This cake recipe is very good and quite simple due to the use of a cake mix, but it's also also very fattening!" 
"Use a cake mix to get a jump start on making this rich, pecan-filled cake with a butter icing." 
"A butter cake mix helps make this cake with cinnamon, brown sugar, and pecans fairly quick and easy to achieve." 
"I have had this recipe for over 30 years. Cream may be substituted for the milk for added richness." 
"This may take some practice. You must work quickly." 
"Angel food cake with strawberries and whipped cream." 
"This cake is made right in the pan. No extra dishes to mess up and very good. A favorite at reunions, parties, etc." 
"Delicious fudgey muffins filled with peanut butter." 
"This recipe helps you bring a simple and sweet cake to the table that simply tastes like home." 
"Cream Cheese glaze on this cake makes the cake a hit." 
"This cake is such a good cake done in the microwave. A plastic microwave Bundt cake pan is necessary for this recipe. The cake is really great." 
"This is one of my husband's favorites - it tastes great warm with ice cream and has the consistency of a brownie." 
"Rich chocolate cake, caramel, toffee, and whipped topping - need I say more?!" 
"Our family's favorite chocolate cake! Especially when you add the fudge frosting!" 
"I make this one cake every Christmas. It stays moist and delicious throughout the Holidays." 
"A nice carrot and walnut cake with a slight taste of spice due to some spices like cardamom. It's not too sweet and the count of calories is moderate." 
"This is a great spring angel food-type of cake made with two flavors of batter alternated in a tube pan." 
"This cake is moist and delicious; especially so if you love the flavoring of almond extract. The cake is lovely and unusual to look at: white with black dots from the poppy seeds; filled and topped with yellow almond flavored custard. It's easy to take to a picnic, potluck or gourmet dinner. Just take the two cake layers and the bowl of custard. Assemble at your destination. Always a hit." 
"This is the filling and topping for Poppy Seed Cake." 
"This makes a tube pan cake that is moist and delicious. It's the rum glaze that soaks in after baking that makes it fabulous!" 
"This is a great cake recipe you can make in a special lamb-shaped mold for a terrific and eye-catching Easter-dinner dessert." 
"This Bundt(R) cake made with 7-UP(R) is features only a few ingredients and steps for an easy dessert." 
"This honey cake is a great dessert for dinners surrounding the Jewish holiday of Rosh Hashanah, but also just for a tasty honey cake any time you want one." 
"A delicious, easy cake that needs NO baking!" 
"An EASY, moist, and delicious cake. You just dump all the ingredients in a bowl and mix. PERFECT for 1st-time bakers!" 
"By definition, dump cakes are simple and fuss-free to make. Try this recipe using fresh blueberries and cake mix for a dessert everyone will love." 
"This moist orange poppy seed cake is made up of four layers, filled and frosted with buttercream, and topped with an orange glaze. Beautiful and delicious!" 
"This very rich cake with coffee, rum, and chocolate is sure to become one of your favorite recipes once you taste it." 
"This very unusual cake recipe uses marshmallow cream in the batter for a taste everyone will love." 
"A delicious smooth cheesecake served with or without a fruit topping. I like to make this cheesecake a day or so before I wish to serve it. It always seems to taste better with the extra setting time." 
"This is a great cheesecake. I get a lot of requests for the recipe." 
"Remember those yummy treats on a stick when you were a child? Frozen orange on the outside and creamy vanilla on the inside? Well, here's a cake that tastes just like those wonderful treats! Note: If you cannot find an orange cake mix, use a package of lemon cake mix and add 1 small envelope of orange drink mix powder." 
"Start with a devil's food cake mix to deliver this amaretto-flavored pound cake studded with chocolate chips." 
"Moist chocolate cake that doesn't need frosting." 
"This is a very good cake and well worth the while. In the fall we love to walk in the woods and pick up the butternuts that fall from the trees - we have to fight with the squirrels to get them. I often replace this with pecans or walnuts when I cannot get them." 
"This is an old Italian family recipe for a cake we make at every big holiday. We actually lost the recipe for a while, and holidays just weren't the same. Then were overjoyed to recover it after a friend reminded us we had given it to her! We call it The Cake That Saved Christmas. A chocolate delight any gangster would love." 
"An incredibly rich chocolate cake that needs no frosting." 
"This cake is the best cinnamon cake I have ever made. Every time I serve it, the compliments never end. Serve it warm, about 45 minutes out of the oven, for an even greater pleasure." 
"This is something quick I came up with one night when I didn't have anything to satisfy my dessert craving. They taste great and are also low in fat." 
"This recipe makes an ideal buttercream for frosting cakes and decorating them with borders." 
"Apples are always in abundance in the fall and this is the time when I make all kinds of cakes and cookies. This is another one of my recipes to share with you." 
"My grandmother, Gladys Payne Gittens, came here from Barbados about 1906. She read this to me over the phone when I was in law school in 1978. Thanks to my friend Elayne, the Soulful Yenta, to whom I gave a copy, I was able to find this on Mother's Day. It's a great simple pound cake, good with tea." 
"The orange-flavored cake in this recipe is filled with raisins and nuts." 
"This is the best cheese cake ever, a true New York cheese cake!" 
"This cake tastes just like the name suggests - like a honey bun. It has been served to hundreds of people and everyone has said how much they liked it. It is a sweet cake and not for those that are watching their weight. Tastes wonderful if served with a small scoop of vanilla ice cream." 
"You'll need some Dr Pepper(R) to make this cake recipe with marshmallows and a peanut butter frosting." 
"This recipe uses amaretto liqueur. It's a creamy cheesecake with a light almond flavor." 
"Very moist cake that is very good for a pot luck dinner." 
"Creamy tasting syrup that's great when poured over cakes with fruit." 
"I love the classics. This is a spectacular confection! Named for a bicycle race run between the two cities of Paris and Brest, this wheel-shaped pastry of choux paste is hands down impressive. The classic version is made with a praline-flavored center but this pastry cream version is just as tasty." 
"The classic version of vanilla pudding. Quick and easy. If you wish, substitute 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract for the vanilla bean, adding it after the pastry cream is removed from heat." 
"Can be used on banana cake, white cake or peanut butter cake." 
"A creamy white icing that looks like whipped cream." 
"Great flavor and so creamy. Great on Daffodil cake." 
"My mother used to make this as a base before making her marshmallow frosting on some of her cakes." 
"You'll melt marshmallows in a double boiler on your way to making this great icing recipe and be glad you did it, too." 
"This maple-flavored dessert icing with egg whites, brown sugar, and corn syrup is of a light butterscotch color." 
"This large and beautiful lemon-accented angel food cake filled with poppy seeds is made in a tube pan for an appealing dessert." 
"Use a candy thermometer for best results in making this quick recipe for caramel cake icing that goes well with chopped nuts." 
"My daughter made these when she was in Brownies. These were quite a hit with the girls. You can use a lemon icing, green buttercream icing, or a peanut butter icing--or a combination of all." 
"This is the cake that I am going to make for my children next year when they graduate from high school. Great for college too." 
"Use instant coffee and melted chocolate chips to make this easy and delicious sour cream cake." 
"This cake won me First Prize at the county fair last year. It is very chocolaty." 
"Orange cake with pineapple frosting - perfect for spring!" 
"A cake that resembles a rainbow, and is topped with strawberry fluff that reminds you of cotton candy." 
"This cake is very colorful, and must be eaten in the same day it is made. Good for kids. " 
"This is a strange name for a cake, but it is very good." 
"This fancy almond-flavored tea cake, also called 'Battenberg/Battenburg Cake' or 'Battenberg/Battenburg Square' features a homemade marzipan." 
"For those of you looking for a good groom's cake, here is my recipe." 
"For those of you contemplating making a friend or family member a bridal shower cake, here is a good white cake recipe." 
"This cake is a great holiday treat. Hope that you will enjoy it." 
"This is a great white wedding cake for those of you who like it plain. When I was a child, one of my neighbors who was elderly made a lot of wedding cakes for family and other people, and she took great pride in her work. She used fancy staircases you get in cake decorating stores, and even crocheted certain decorations. All is in your imagination. No professional baker did what she did. Be creative." 
"This is a good wedding cake icing. While frosting cake, keep bowl covered with a damp cloth to prevent excessive evaporation. Makes enough to frost one 3 tiered wedding cake, and to decorate with garlands and flowers." 
"This is a great cake that can be put together in one bowl quickly when company is coming. It's delicious when served warm with a dollop of whipped cream on top. Use any flavor pie filling." 
"This cake recipe is about 60 years old. I hope that you will enjoy this one." 
"This is an old recipe I have for Mocha Icing. I hope you like it. The recipe makes enough for one 8 inch layer cake." 
"This is a great recipe to fill and frost angel food cake, especially in the summer months." 
"This frosting takes a little extra time, but the results are worth it." 
"This is a good cake for a family party; for larger parties, bake two cakes. This recipe is at least 50 years old. You may substitute 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest for the vanilla." 
"This is a creamy citrus filling. If you want a stronger flavor, use 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 3 tablespoons orange juice, and 1 teaspoon grated orange rind." 
"I know, I know - tomato soup is an odd ingredient for a cake. But try it! Sort of spicy and sooo yummy. People will NEVER guess what the main ingredient is." 
"This simple cake recipe uses pistachio pudding mix and lemon-lime flavored carbonated beverage to deliver a cake that is great for potlucks or family gatherings." 
"This is a tasty crumb cake recipe I got from my sister. The toffee candy really makes it special." 
"Given to me by my sister-in-law, this cheesecake is really good!" 
"A friend made this at a Christmas cookie exchange party and is was wonderful! When in season serve with 1 pint strawberries, 1 1/2 pints raspberries, and 1 1/2 pints blackberries." 
"A really good, moist spice cake. Especially good with the Allspice Cream Cheese Frosting." 
"Cream cheese frosting with a little extra something. This is a good frosting for spice cakes that contain allspice." 
"The classic European sponge cake. No chemical leavener, just air that is beaten into the eggs. Folding (stirring without deflating) is the biggest factor. Be gentle!" 
"This is a moist, very flavorful pound cake. Absolutely wonderful plain or served with strawberries and whipped cream." 
"Simple to make coffee cake that tastes great! My friends and I have been passing this around for years!" 
"Pound cakes do not need icing, and always taste great either way." 
"Use fresh coconut to achieve this velvety soft white cake that is a great dessert cake for picnics, potlucks, or family gatherings." 
"This recipe was originated by one of my mom's friends, who made it totally from scratch one night at a homeless shelter, when they ran out of ingredients. They used whatever they had. It was served, and the people loved it! This recipe has been passed around ever since! It's a delicious cake that people go ga-ga over! It's best when made the day before. Frost with whipped topping and serve with fresh fruit." 
"This vanilla-flavored cake icing recipe uses gelatin to thicken the mixture of heavy whipping cream and confectioners' sugar." 
"This recipe is very moist and even when the cake is left in the oven a little too long, the cake stays moist on the inside. This pound cake freezes very well also. Wrap it in foil and freeze for up to 6 months." 
"If you love Peanut Butter Cups, you'll love this cake! Tastes like "Peanut Butter Tasty Cakes" sold in Philadelphia. Can't get them here in Cincinnati so we bake this cake instead." 
"Great ingredients in this coffe cake: almond and orange extracts, butter, pecans, honey and nutmeg....moist and delicious! It is easy to make. Just mix up the cake, boil and pour on the topping, and bake." 
"This is a good frosting for Mayonnaise Cake. If you're really having a chocolate fit, double the glaze! The frosting and cake are rich enough to cut the unsweetened chocolate taste. Pour some glaze on the middle layer too." 
"Don't let the mayo put you off - this is our family's favorite birthday and every other occasion cake, very moist and devilishly rich! This cake stores well at room temperature and is great for picnics." 
"This cake is called sad cake because the cake looks sad. It actually "falls" during baking and is a flat cake. It may be sad looking, but it is moist, chewy and sweet. It does not need a frosting." 
"I've always called this a buckle (I'm from the Midwest), but my friends here in California, say it's a 'coffee cake', but no matter the name they love it!" 
"A no stirring required, easy and tasty hot fudge pudding cake." 
"This fruitcake recipe using crushed vanilla wafer cookies, cherries, pecans, raisins, and coconut is easy to make and requires no baking whatsoever." 
"Rich and gooey, a little slice is all you'll need." 
"A rich, gooey, and very sweet chocolate icing. Try it on a plain yellow cake or, for completely chocolate experience, on a chocolate cake." 
"If you like the candy bars, you will like this cake." 
"When you are baking this cake, your house will smell so good!" 
"A very old banana nut cake recipe which has been handed down through my family." 
"Very tasty cinnamon cake. Freezes beautifully. May be made into 2- 8 inch square pans. Enjoy one now. Freeze other for later." 
"This easy recipe is a chocoholic's dream come true!" 
"This recipe makes a lovely layer cake with a luscious filling made with raisins, pecans, cherries, coconut, and brandy flavoring." 
"A rich luscious filling for Lane cake. It's made with coconut, pecans, raisins and candied cherries." 
"This is a tasty cake that stores well and is quite easy to make." 
"This is a quick and delicious chocolate cake. Very very chocolaty." 
"My sister nicknamed me 'spintz' years ago for some unknown reason. When I invented this cake, she named it after me. It is very rich - moist chocolate, creamy peanut butter filling and fudge frosting." 
"Tomato sauce is the secret special ingredient in this easy recipe for a spice cake packed with walnuts and raisins." 
"This is another great cake for the fall. When apples are plentiful and delicious there are so many ways to thank mother nature for its bounty. I pick a lot of the wild apples in the fall, and turn them into great desserts." 
"This is a good wholesome cake, especially nice for the fall." 
"The cornstarch in this easy cake recipe gives you a terrific white cake a unique flavor." 
"This old-fashioned cake recipe delivers a really good take on the dessert classic: pineapple upside-down cake." 
"This is a great showpiece of a cake. Top with White Mountain Frosting." 
"This is a very good frosting. You may flavor it with any flavoring extract to suit your needs." 
"Whip some whipping cream into whipped cream to make the batter for the cake in this easy cake recipe you can frost as you please." 
"This is a good cake frosting, and is especially good when the maple syrup can be purchased in March. You can use the artificial for those of you who do not live in the north, or cannot obtain it. This recipe will fill and frost a 9 inch cake." 
"This recipe is for those of you who wish to make your own almond paste. I prefer making my own. When I feel lazy, I purchase it in specialty stores. Rose water can be substituted for the almond extract, and can be purchased in Middle Eastern stores, or maybe even health food stores." 
"This is a long procedure, but well worth the trouble. A great cake. Makes about 11 pounds." 
"This is a great yellow cake which uses up your leftover egg yolks, especially after making an angel food cake. Ice with white icing, coffee icing or chocolate icing." 
"Strawberries make a beautiful garnish! I love this recipe" 
"If you love chocolate chip cookie dough straight out of the batter bowl or in ice cream, you'll love this next recipe! A small piece goes a long way! It's well worth the work!" 
"This cake recipe is easy to make, using pineapple for a fruity cake and also makes a glaze that helps deliver a cake that is very moist." 
"This torte is legendary at work; one time it caused a near riot and disappeared in 5 minutes! It's very unusual and tastes like those small butter/nut cookies rolled in powdered sugar. It's not hard to make, it just takes some time, but I guarantee it's worth it!" 
"This light and fluffy banana flavored cake flecked with oats adds variation to the traditional Angel Food Cake." 
"This is a beautiful Malaysian-style layer cake. It is a very time-consuming cake to make but well worth the effort. Very rich but very delicious. Screwpine (more commonly known as 'pandan') is a kind of fragrant leaf plant native to Malaysia but it can be found in paste form in most Asian grocery stores." 
"Halloween is celebrated by young and old and I am enclosing a good cake recipe for such a festive occasion." 
"Golden colored orange zest flecked frosting. Adds a nice bright finishing touch to your cakes." 
"This is a frosting I normally put on birthday cakes. Its like the frosting that bakeries put on cakes, but I much prefer to make my own since I know what I am putting into it, and as always, homemade is best." 
"Just plain-old, extra good cheesecake like the ones from New York and Philly. You may cover the cake with a layer of strawberries, cherries, etc. but, in my opinion, this cake is very, very good and easily stands on its own. The fruit just distracts from its great flavor and texture." 
"The gob cake is a Pennsylvanian relative of whoopie pie, combining a chocolate cake with sweet, creamy icing, as done in this recipe." 
"No one will ever believe that the secret ingredient is finely chopped sauerkraut!" 
"I have altered my mother's recipe and added my own to this and I find it is better than hers especially since I replace the milk with yogurt. Now I mostly replace milk with yogurt in my other recipes and this gives a better texture. My husband says it tastes similar to pound cake which he loves so much and I don't put icing, although you can if you wish." 
"This is a good recipe for Christmas and very different to our North American one." 
"I recently made this cake for a friend's birthday, and it is an old recipe from the 1950's. Sprinkle with coconut and chopped maraschino cherries if you wish." 
"This recipe is quite old, and belonged to my mother." 
"One of the best chocolate cake recipes I've ever had. A must for chocolate lovers!" 
"If you have a sweet tooth or are a chocoholic, this is the cake for you! Make this cake, and it will not stay long in your house!" 
"This cake is delicious, my grandmother gave me this recipe two years ago. She brought it to my house to give to my family when my baby sister was born. I remember that I had six pieces of it while my mother and grandmother were talking! It was gone by the next day, and guess who ate the last few pieces... that is right , yours truly! It is a lot like a sweet brownie." 
"This chocolate buttercream recipe delivers creamy, chocolate-y goodness for slathering on your favorite cakes, cookies, or spoons." 
"The word 'dobos' means 'like a drum' in Hungarian. However, this cake is named after its creator, Hungarian pastry chef Josef Dobos." 
"In about 1968, we moved next door to a family with seven little boys. Their mother gave me this recipe. It is really delicious. You can frost it, or just eat it like it is." 
"Love Macaroon Cookies? You'll love this recipe for chocolate cake with macaroon in the center! Melted chocolate can be drizzled on top, or sprinkle top with confectioners' sugar." 
"This is a very rich cake with Grand Marnier poured into it." 
"This cake is pale in color, but very rich--much richer than an angel food cake." 
"I have had many carrot cakes in my time, but this one just hit the spot for me. My niece loved this cake so much that she asked for the recipe and made this one for her husband's birthday. She tried others which were good, but none like this one." 
"This recipe is over 100 years old and it tastes like hermit cookies. Use only butter in this recipe." 
"This quick and easy spice cake recipe has a secret ingredient of canned, condensed tomato soup to make a unique cake." 
"A puffed fried cake. It can be sprinkled with confectioners' sugar or cinnamon sugar." 
"This is a cake that children love." 
"Here is a great recipe to put into your cake decorator attachments for making letters, borders, flowers, etc. Great for using on birthday cakes. Use any color food coloring." 
"This is a great treat for all you chocolate lovers out there." 
"This recipe for the classic cake delivers a rich and beautiful Lord Baltimore cake certain to impress your guests." 
"Using store bought pound cake this can be made in less than 1/2 hour. A lovely dessert in summer!" 
"When you need a great cake FAST! You frost while hot in the pan saving time! Great for potlucks and bake sales when you need a cake now." 
"This is a family favorite for over 50 years. It makes a sauce on the bottom" 
"A scrumptious date nut cake that is truly fit for a queen. It is crowned with a broiled coconut topping." 
"This is a one bowl cake. You can substitute sour milk for buttermilk - mix 1 cup milk with 1 tablespoon vinegar or lemon juice and let stand for 10 minutes. Frost with Coffee Icing." 
"Creamy, rich, nutty, butterscotch flavor. To serve, put a dollop of sweetened whipped cream on each slice. Add at least 1 pecan, or better yet, add a few." 
"This is an easy recipe for moist lemon cake using apricot nectar and lemon cake mix for surprisingly delicious results." 
"These are Pennsylvania Dutch cakes. The batter is poured through a funnel into cooking oil and fried, then sprinkled with confectioners' sugar." 
"This cake recipe uses sourdough starter in the batter for a uniquely delicious cake with a strong milk chocolate flavor." 
"This unique cake recipe features golden raisins, gumdrops, candied cherries, and walnuts and makes a moist cake, just like the title says." 
"This is a very good cake for Christmas. Do not double this recipe. You don't need to age this cake." 
"Use strong brewed coffee in this quick and easy cake icing recipe with butter and vanilla extract." 
"This recipe has been in the family for many years and we enjoy serving it at all family doings. No coconut in this one." 
"The cake is named after an Indian Princess. Minnehaha means Laughing Water. The cake is beautiful and is a great Christmas cake." 
"This icing is usually put on the wedding cake after the Almond Paste is applied." 
"You can find the ingredient mentioned in the passage that follows it." 
"This is not that common of a cake, but it sure is good." 
"Cake with a difference. You do not have to cream butter and sugar or beat the eggs. This involves boiling raisins, margarine and sugar together and adding flour to it. Simple and tasty. Just the way I love it." 
"This moist chocolate cake from my grandma is glazed with lemon icing in an unusually great combination." 
"Cassata cake is like a cannoli but more gooey. You need 2 - 9 inch sponge cake layers for this recipe. The instructions are given for to make them, or you can use your own recipe." 
"This rich and creamy ricotta cheese filling is flavored with cinnamon and candied lemon peel and is a must-have when making classic Italian dessert, Cassata cake." 
"Nice, easy, summertime cake that's great for potlucks." 
"Children will love the cake you make from this recipe for a simple chocolate cake with a simple chocolate frosting." 
"Quick and easy flavorful banana cake. Frost with whipped cream, if desired." 
"This cake recipe makes a light and beautiful cake with plenty of coconut and a a vanilla-flavored icing." 
"A cooked meringue style icing." 
"This is a very old recipe that belonged to my grandmother. I hope that you like it." 
"Cherries and almonds work well together in this cake recipe that is great for holiday baking." 
"A rich dark chocolate cake with a ribbon of cream cheese in center." 
"This cake recipe delivers a lovely white cake decorated with pineapple and mandarin oranges making it ideal for a special occasion." 
"This is a rich cake and very delicious. You may be surprised by the thought of mayonnaise in the cake, but it is the ingredient that helps make it nice and moist." 
"My sister couldn't eat enough of this cake. This is her favorite." 
"This is a popular recipe along the eastern seaboard where maple syrup runs in March." 
"This recipe came to me via a friend, Bertha, who just loved any cake that had booze in it. I have, in the past, eliminated the bourbon when making this for kids and it is still wonderful. Basically, it is a variation on a tunnel of fudge cake." 
"This cake is very different to the usual recipes and calls for rosewater which you can obtain in Middle Eastern grocery stores. You could also substitute orange water for the rosewater. Rosewater and orange water are used in Middle Eastern pastries. Both are very sweet and they are clear liquids found in bottles." 
"This is a great showpiece and a delight to eat." 
"A tasty coffee flavored whipped cream perfect for fillings and/or frostings." 
"This is a delicious Apple Cheesecake that I usually make in the fall." 
"This cake is for those of you who have allergies. When my kids were small they developed an allergy against all dairy products, and then gradually outgrew them." 
"This easy cake recipe makes a good lemon-flavored cake perfect for any occasion." 
"This is an old recipe I have for a white cake, and it tastes very good." 
"This luscious pound cake has a nutty top crust, and is moist and flavorful. Makes a great gift. You can use halved maraschino cherries instead, if you prefer." 
"This is a large recipe that is rich and dark. Make a few weeks ahead of time. The walnuts can be chopped or left whole." 
"Your cake-loving guests won't believe that pinto beans is the surprise ingredient in this recipe for spice cake decorated with candied cherries and pecans." 
"There's just enough cake to hold the nuts and fruit together, and no nasty citron. This is one terrific cake." 
"You can vary this dump cake by using apple pie filling and white, golden, or spice cake mix. Serve with whipped cream or soft ice cream." 
"Delicious coconut pecan cake with cream cheese toasted coconut frosting. Fruitcake" 
"Easy carrot cake from a cake mix. Also makes good cupcakes." 
"This cake is similar to a rum cake, but you substitute orange juice for rum." 
"An easy cake to put together, the fruit cocktail makes it very moist." 
"This is a great recipe that gets compliments when ever I make it. It is very rich, and worth the time and calories." 
"A cheesecake reminiscent of those turtle shaped chocolate and caramel nut bars. Garnish with whipped cream, chopped nuts, and maraschino cherries if desired." 
"This is for the Cheesecake/Rocky Road lovers! I hope you like it as much as I do! Garnish with miniature marshmallows and chocolate chips if desired." 
"A lemony pound cake with the added addition of lemon pudding for an extra moist taste sensation." 
"Chocolate cake mix and a mixture of cream cheese and chocolate chips deliver a new twist on plain chocolate cupcakes in this recipe!" 
"This is a lovely white cake with cherries and raisins added for those of you who don't want to go to the trouble of making fruit cakes. This freezes well." 
"This cake recipe can get really messy, but makes very yummy cake using German chocolate cake mix, cream cheese, and coconut." 
"Moist chocolate cake with rum flavoring, raisins, and pecans added for texture. Great coated with whipped cream or served hot with custard." 
"Moist banana flavored cake, tastes great with a fresh cup of coffee." 
"Tangy, moist, and flavorful pound cake. Can be eaten plain or use as a base for numerous dessert ideas." 
"This is a chocolate roll that you will get many raves about. Keep this recipe handy because I am afraid you will be asked for it. This is a great cake for having guests over for dinner. You must follow step by step, no shortcuts for success." 
"A yummy fudge sauce great when served warm over the Chocolate Roll." 
"A rich buttery sauce, wonderful when served over the Chocolate Roll." 
"This is a moist and unusual cake. Great for summer." 
"When the hot summer days are on you sure want something to sit back and enjoy without cooking. This is something cool that can go along well with a barbecue." 
"Perfect for a hot summer's day. Nothing quite hits the spot like ice cream." 
"Devil's Food cupcakes filled with chocolate and cream cheese. Perfect for bake sales or parties." 
"This recipe blends the good tastes of gingersnap cookies, caramel or butterscotch ice cream topping and cream cheese!" 
"This is similar to fruitcake, and is excellent to serve." 
"This delicious blend of banana cake and cream cheese frosting will make your day! Just relax and enjoy this tasty masterpiece! If you like to eat healthy or have sudden cravings for banana and cream cheese, just keep a piece of this in your 'fridge'!!!" 
"This is another one of my mother's old recipes." 
"I collect cake recipes that use a box cake mix as the base. This cake is rich, delicious and easy! This cake freezes well." 
"German Chocolate Cake with brown sugar and coconut topping." 
"This recipe features an icing made with cream cheese, cocoa, and cinnamon frosts this dark chocolate cake for an elegant dessert." 
"Dark chocolate frosting. The cream cheese cuts the sweetness and gives it a wonderful tangy flavor. Perfect with the Dark Chocolate Cake." 
"Easy to make chocolate cake covered with a delectable topping of coconut, almonds, and chocolate." 
"A very rich cake that tastes almost like a candy bar." 
"Make your own marzipan instead of buying it. Marzipan is used to frost Christmas cakes and for candies, and all sorts of other goodies." 
"A good no-bake cheesecake. It tastes just like its name." 
"Use this recipe combining apple pie filling and a cinnamon-apple muffin mix for an easy and delicious apple-flavored dump cake." 
"If you like pistachio pudding, you will like this cake." 
"Chocolate cake and a creamy marshmallow filling. Decorate with chocolate frosting if you wish. Mmmmmm." 
"A delicious butter pecan cake made from scratch. This is a cake that can be served anytime." 
"This is a French Canadian recipe from Quebec. It is a feather light dessert." 
"Here is my version of chocolate cake. Aunt Mary's Vanilla Frosting compliments it perfectly." 
"Use this creamy vanilla frosting recipe when you need a quick solution for your cakes or cupcakes." 
"Very good, simple cake to make. Always gets a lot of attention." 
"This cake is great for the one who likes to try something a little different. Serve plain or with whipped cream. Substitute lemon juice for the sherry if you prefer." 
"Some people like to make an angel food cake as a birthday cake. I have made this one before, and it was great. I made a butter icing, and just tinted the color I wanted. I put in those little dragees you see in the store inside the batter." 
"This recipe gives you a cake filled with nuts and maraschino cherries for a nice, special-occasion cake." 
"This is a very easy cake recipe for when you're in the mood for carrot cake with a cream cheese frosting." 
"This is a very versatile and fast cake recipe. Not only is it moist and delicious, the same batter can be used to make banana bread and muffins. Delicious frosted with chocolate or cream cheese frosting." 
"A sweet cake that can easily re-invented by changing the flavors of the ingredients around. From the recipe file of Bestemor Movig (Grandmother Movick). Serve with vanilla ice cream or fruit, and mint springs." 
"White cake with pistachio pudding, coconut and pecans topped with pistachio icing." 
"Tiramisu-flavored cheesecake combines the flavors and richness of tiramisu and NY Cheesecake. Just before serving, grate some semisweet chocolate on the top." 
"Grated zucchini makes the cake from this recipe a lovely and moist cake finished with a simple icing." 
"This is a moist spice cake with a surprise ingredient!" 
"This is a terrific cake--it can be made with apples, carrots, or zucchini! Serve with whipped cream. Add some cinnamon, nutmeg, or cloves to the whipped cream for a lightly spicy treat!!" 
"This is a very simple upside down german chocolate cake." 
"Chocolate and coffee, one of the greatest flavor combinations of all time come together in this delicious cake." 
"This cake recipe features lemon zest, lemon juice, and yogurt to achieve a very lovely and light Greek-style cake." 
"This cake recipe will overwhelm you with chocolate, chocolate, and more chocolate from chocolate cake mix, mousse mix, and candy bars." 
"Also known as Killer Cake or Punch Bowl Dessert. Definitely one of the best!" 
"This cake is awesome! My family loves it." 
"A carrot cake using two jars of junior baby food carrots." 
"A quick to make and quick to bake butterscotch flavored cake." 
"Neat way to make a ball shaped cake. Perfect for birthday parties. Kids love it. Use your favorite flavor of cake mix." 
"This is a superb icing and does not take long to make." 
"This is a three-tiered white wedding cake. It is practical and good." 
"Here's an easy, quick cake that tastes great during the long hot summers." 
"This cake requires no icing, but you can ice it if you wish which is truly delicious." 
"Maple flavored frosting that tastes great on the Maple Nut Cake or try it on a plain yellow or chocolate cake, yummy! Increase the amount of maple extract (gradually!) to suit your taste." 
"You might think this cake recipe is a bit wacky because it has vinegar but no eggs, but only until you're enjoying a rich chocolate cake." 
"This recipe is at least 90 years old, my grandmother says they used it a lot during the depression. Also, you can substitute lemon, almond, or whatever for the vanilla if you're so inclined, but I like vanilla the best. It's also fat free." 
"This cake is fantastic to have all year long - but I use it primarily in the summer because it's kept refrigerated so it's nice and cool." 
"Tuppakaka is a Swedish cake. It is very easy to do, but turns out a wonderful cake. Gooey in the middle, and almost like meringue on top." 
"This is a delicious cake, and may also be baked as three 8 inch layers. If you do, use black walnuts mixed with some icing to fill the layers, and ice with the plain icing. Then sprinkle top with additional chopped black walnuts." 
"My family found this cake very enjoyable. Garnish with whipped cream and remaining macadamia nuts." 
"A good, moist, oatmeal cake with a broiled coconut topping." 
"A really good fruit cake recipe, one you can eat the same day you make it, even better if you let sit for awhile." 
"This is just like the frosting used on Texas sheet cakes except it has crunchy peanut butter in it, making it taste just like a Mr.Goodbar candy bar." 
"This moist, light cake is "berry" delicious as a dessert or for breakfast. Your house will smell just wonderful while it is baking and cooling. Recipe doubles well." 
"This recipe makes delicious make-ahead dessert using Twinkies, cream cheese, whipped dessert topping, and strawberries." 
"A great chocolate cake will be your reward for making this recipe with sour cream, dark chocolate cake mix, and coffee-flavored liqueur." 
"This is a good substitute for a boxed yellow cake mix in recipes calling for a yellow cake as a base." 
"Quick and easy! Great for potlucks! Better than Brad Pitt? I'll have to think about that!" 
"This recipe was converted for home use from one the cafeteria ladies at school gave me many years ago. It is a favorite because it is delicious and easy to make." 
"This is a lovely sponge cake that is reminiscent of the Deep South. May be cut into layers and filled and iced with lemon filling, or with whipped cream." 
"This is a very yummy cake. Plus it's an easy and tasty way to use fresh rhubarb." 
"This is a great cake for those who find the usual cakes too filling. This is great for entertaining as well as for the family. If this cake stays more than 24 hours, it should be kept refrigerated." 
"Pudding like strawberry cake with a decadent white chocolate frosting." 
"This is a good cake and good enough for a wedding cake as well." 
"A light spongy cake with the taste and aroma of coconut." 
"A smooth creamy frosting, perfect for any occasion. This is an old recipe from the 1940's." 
"This is a fluffy whipped frosting that is lovely on cakes. Makes enough to frost one 9x13 inch cake." 
"This frosting can be used on any yellow or white layer cake. It's very good even on a box mix." 
"Good cake, takes a little work. Great for parties and get togethers." 
"This is a delicate white cake. Heavy cream is used instead of butter." 
"A lovely summer cake that requires no cooking. This recipe contains raw eggs. We recommend that pregnant women, young children, the elderly and the infirm do not consume raw eggs." 
"This is a lovely cake to make when peaches are ripe. It is a lemon cake filled with fresh peach slices." 
"This cake is different twist on the usual pineapple upside down cake. It is a wonderful cake served anytime, everyone will love it." 
"This has a chocolate cake base topped with a cream cheese, chocolate chip and nut topping. It is very rich and very good!" 
"This glaze is perfect for the Orange Chiffon Cake. This will give a thin coating or a drizzle over any cake especially a tube cake or bundt cake." 
"This is a great snack cake. Great for lunches. Full of good things." 
"This is a lovely cake with the taste of almond and chocolate and it is almost like a pound cake." 
"These two flavors blend well together. This forms an attractive and moist cake." 
"Here is another practical birthday cake from my mother's recipe file. It makes a lovely layer cake. You may flavor it with lemon juice if you desire." 
"Baked Alaska is a great, classic dessert with vanilla ice cream and easy to make as well thanks to this recipe." 
"This is a light fruit cake that is excellent for a wedding cake. This cake can be cooked in other size pans, just fill the pans 3/4 full." 
"This recipe makes a lovely and rich orange-flavored cake with a whipped cream filling and chocolate glaze that's ideal for entertaining." 
"This is the recipe I've been using for years. If you like, use your favorite scratch recipe for the cake but I usually like to simplify all I can." 
"This recipe came from my 90-year-old grandmother's handwritten recipe collection." 
"If you want a cake that tastes like caramel, try this cake recipe with a caramel icing." 
"This was given to me by a long-time friend now living in Virginia" 
"A lovely spring cake. Great as a garden party or birthday cake." 
"Lemony whipped cream filling. A wonderful filling for white, yellow, or citrus cakes." 
"It's Just Great. But I must warn you if you are trying to lose weight, don't eat this cake. Calories, Calories, Calories! Delicious, Delicious, Delicious!" 
"This cake is good to make a day ahead, and is very popular at pot-lucks." 
"Use this cake recipe to deliver rich, dark, moist, and light chocolate custard cake your family will love." 
"This is quite an old recipe, and I hope that you will enjoy this one." 
"This recipe makes a delicious lemon-flavored pound cake with chopped pecans and a simple lemon glaze." 
"This is a lovely orange cake for when company calls." 
"You don't have to make a Williamsburg orange cake to enjoy this creamy and buttery Williamsburg frosting made with orange liqueur." 
"This is a lovely show off cake, especially when you want a fancy finale to a dinner party. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar over top just before serving to make it look even more attractive and delectable." 
"A classic! Easy, easy, easy and tasty, tasty, tasty." 
"This is much easier than your old-fashioned scratch recipes and it tastes just as good." 
"This is a white cake, that you poke holes in and pour warm fruit flavored gelatin over it and chill. It has a whipped topping frosting." 
"My Grandmother took this recipe to all the family functions. She only gives it out to her Grandkids when they get married. Can be made with different flavors of gelatin and pudding." 
"Always save 1 cup of starter for your next cakes, then start with day 2 of the starter instructions instead of having to start a new starter each time. You can also give some starter to friends, or sourdough starter can be used in place of the Friendship Starter." 
"This cheesecake is creamier than most cheesecakes, and very easy to make. Use grated lemon zest or 1 teaspoon lemon extract for flavoring." 
"This recipe is the next best thing to a bakery babka!" 
"This is a warm chocolate cake that makes it's own fudge sauce as it cooks. Garnish with whipped topping or ice cream. Makes about 8 servings." 
"I'm glad my mother gave me this recipe. I think it's better than regular pumpkin pie, because it doesn't have a really strong pumpkin taste." 
"This cake tastes so great that your guests won't know the calories are missing!" 
"Chocolate and peanut butter are the flavors marbled together in this marble cake recipe." 
"A recipe that I have been making for years, a great potluck dessert." 
"A co-worker always brought this cake for birthdays. It is very simple, quick to make and VERY moist. Use any flavor cake mix with pudding in the mix." 
"Blend yellow cake mix and apricot nectar in this cake recipe to deliver a light and elegant dessert with a lemon-flavored glaze." 
"This recipe quickly makes a thick pudding-like chocolate frosting that goes great on whatever cake you like." 
"This cake recipe turns lemon cake mix and apricot nectar into a light dessert that can also double as a breakfast cake." 
"Strawberry cake that's a beautiful pink color, fit for a princess." 
"A tangy moist glazed cake. Nice for simple gatherings and dinner parties." 
"What a lovely refreshing dessert for those hot summer days." 
"Quick, easy, and refreshing. Use any flavor ice cream. If you use sherbet or sorbet, it can be a very low-fat dessert." 
"Use this cake recipe with lemon-flavored gelatin mix, lemon cake mix, and lemonade concentrate to make a lemony, lemony, lemonade cake!" 
"This is a fudgy cake that is very rich and there is more work involved than the usual marble cake." 
"Chocolate and bananas, nothing quite tastes as yummy." 
"I hope you like lemons, because this cake is very rich and lemony" 
"This recipe makes another great fruitcake with dried apricots, white raisins, candied cherries, and candied pineapple for the holidays." 
"This makes a nice touch at Easter or as a lovely spring cake. Frost with a yellow-tinted seven-minute frosting." 
"This is a fruity Easter Cake" 
"The orange zest and orange juice in this cake recipe gives this cake with graham cracker crumbs the right citrus touch." 
"This is a great last-minute recipe. It takes minutes to make and is light and delicious. If in a rush, you can serve it right away, but it's best if refrigerated for 24 hours to allow the flavors to blend." 
"Cream of coconut and sour cream help this cake recipe deliver a wonderfully moist coconut cake with a cream cheese icing." 
"My mom use to make this when I was growing up. It's very rich so a little goes a long way. I hope you enjoy it as much as we do." 
"This is the easiest and fastest cheese cake that anyone can make." 
"This simple cake works perfectly during the holidays, on a buffet table or in a picnic basket! And you won't believe the aroma that comes from your oven during baking! The alcohol bakes off and leaves just the flavor. It's very moist and has been a favorite birthday request in our house for over 20 years!" 
"Even though pumpkin is a fall favorite, this spice cake recipe using canned pumpkin puree is good any time of the year." 
"A good everyday cake (my grandfather loves it)." 
"This is a tender angel cake with creamy almond filling." 
"An Amaretto flavored custard filling goes wonderfully well with chocolate cakes." 
"This cake recipe makes lemony, light, and luscious lemon-flavored chiffon cake with a creamy filling made with lemon pie filling." 
"No bake easy cheesecake-- won't last long! You can spoon any flavor pie filling over top of cheesecake if desired." 
"This is a very old recipe and it seems like there are a lot of ingredients, but it is worth the effort. I use the extra whipping cream to decorate the top of the cheesecake." 
"This is the best chocolate cake I have ever had. It bakes up high and it's fluffy. Everyone loves it when I make this cake. It is the only chocolate cake I will ever make. Enjoy!" 
"This is an angel food cake for a sheet cake. My grandma used to use this when she had a bakery. I have never had a problem with it. It is so easy to do." 
"Looking for a cake recipe that will give you something like the ooey, gooey butter cake you had a Neiman Marcus? Try this one!" 
"This recipe produces a really moist fruit cake it was given to me by my mom, and it's really easy. My mom uses it for Christmas cake by icing it. I use it for birthdays, Christmas, or just for a treat." 
"This is an old recipe from my aunt. It is both famous and infamous in our family. It is absolutely irresistible." 
"A chocolate cake made by putting dry ingredients into pan first, then placing various ingredients into three scooped out hollows, and pouring cold water over all." 
"This cake is more of a layered torte, than a frosted cake. It is kept in the refrigerator and is very delicious. I have been making this cake for many years and recently made it for my nephew's 24th birthday. It is his favorite." 
"Bake a bliss for your love." 
"This is a yellow or white cake in which holes are poked after baking, and chocolate pudding is pored over it, making it look like it has stripes when it is cut." 
"This cake recipe uses cherry pie filling and sliced almonds to help deliver a very impressive cake with a simple glaze!" 
"My Grandmother made wonderful Angel Food Cakes and sold them. Here is her recipe." 
"This cake is super for a quick breakfast snack with coffee." 
"This recipe was given to me by a good friend in Hawaii. She always uses fresh pineapple, the end product is delicious. Very yummy served with ice cream or whipped cream as an accompaniment." 
"Easy fried cakes very similar to pancakes." 
"This is great all the time, but really great for Christmas. Washington Red Skin Apples work best" 
"This recipe is not as filling or heavy as other cheesecakes. It makes a great finishing touch to most simple meals, or you can decorate it to go with elegant dinners." 
"This cake is a very moist banana cake that travels well to pot lucks or picnics. It can also be baked in a 9x13 pan or an angel food cake pan. It is a family favorite." 
"This is a recipe from my grandmother's recipe collection." 
"Here is a birthday cake, it is practical and at the same time it can be made fancy with Decorator Frosting (found on our site). One or more layers can be tinted by adding food coloring." 
"Especially good for trimming a cake. It can also be used for frosting. Use any flavoring to compliment the flavor of your cake." 
"This cake is a rich, dark, moist fruit cake, very flavorful at Christmas. Try icing with almond paste for a more festive touch. This recipe is started in October or November so as to let it mellow before the holidays. I remember very well my mother storing her fruit cake in an old butter churn that belonged to my grandmother and great grandmother. I wish that I had that old crock." 
"This fruit cake does not need a ripening period, and is very lovely to look at and eat." 
"This is a lovely cake for special occasions. A lovely blend." 
"A lovely cake for mother's day or any special occasion." 
"A good practical cake, one that I make quite often." 
"This is a favorite for children's birthday parties. Serve with fruit or decorate with Butter Cream Frosting." 
"This Dundee cake recipe uses candied fruit peel and candied cherries to make a delicious version of a Scottish Christmas favorite." 
"This cake has a nice buttery color, and a fairly firm texture." 
"This recipe is a good one for the fall and winter when pears are plentiful. You can use any pear you like in this recipe." 
"This gingerbread differs from our own North American one although both have European origins." 
"This is a bit of an unusual cake, but great for Christmas. The chocolate mixed with raisins, applesauce, and spices gives a nice texture with a lot less work than plum pudding itself." 
"This cake is nice and moist. Great for gift giving. Walnuts and pecans are interchangeable in this recipe." 
"This is a luscious cake with a rich banana flavor. The crumb topping is baked on." 
"This takes 30 days to prepare the fruit for the cake but it's worth it. It's delicious. If you are lucky a 'friend' will give you 2 cups of starter along with a piece of cake so you won't have to go to all the trouble of preparing a starter. If you have the starter, begin with step 1. If you don't have the starter, follow the link to Friendship Fruit Starter. It will actually take 50 days total, if you need to make the starter." 
"My brother Webb invented this cake, he loves to cook." 
"For those of you who are watching your sugar intake. Here's a delicious sugar free creamy rich cheesecake!" 
"A cake made from yellow cake mix is frosted with a cream cheese, mandarin orange, and pineapple mixture for a light and refreshing cake." 
"This recipe uses chopped apple and apple juice to make delicious apple muffins from scratch." 
"Great muffins made with fresh or frozen blueberries." 
"You won't believe how easily and quickly you can have chocolate chip muffins on the table using this recipe." 
"Jam-topped muffins. These are great for breakfast!" 
"Grated lemon peel adds flavor to this basic muffin recipe for citrus-accented homemade muffins you can achieve quickly and easily." 
"Here is yet another great breakfast muffin recipe for scratch muffins with orange juice and orange zest." 
"These homemade muffins with a cinnamon-flavored streusel topping are great for brunch or with coffee." 
"Dipping the butter-brushed tops of these muffins in a mixture of cinnamon and sugar is easy way to spruce-up a basic muffin recipe." 
"The muffins you get from this recipe using all-purpose and whole wheat flour are great while still warm from the oven!" 
"Want to make fruit cake for the holidays but would rather a no-bake option? Try this version with almonds, marshmallows, dates, and raisins." 
"My husband doesn't like rhubarb, but I have fooled him every time with this cake as you cannot taste the rhubarb in it." 
"This German Apple Cake is a moist dense cake that keeps well. It has been a family favorite for twenty years." 
"I got this from my mom. When she makes it, we all fight over it. It's delicious and easy to make." 
"If you like chocolate, make this cake recipe of a chocolate cake with chocolate filling. You'll love it." 
"A moist bundt cake, drizzled with two types of chocolate." 
"A good cake to take along on picnics or for lunches." 
"This is a simple butter cake with almonds on bottom and dark rum sprinkled over the baked cake." 
"This cake has a lot of raisins soaked in rum. Try to soak your raisins overnight if possible or at least for a few hours." 
"This is a scrumptious moist apple cake with a really rich caramel sauce. The recipe comes from Newfoundland." 
"A rich topping for coffee cake! Cream may be substituted for the milk." 
"This is an old family recipe. The cake has a delicate chocolate flavor and the icing is hard to the touch, yet creamy when bitten into." 
"Serve this baked crustless cake - a mixture of blue cheese, cream cheese, and sour cream - as an impressive appetizer." 
"A beautiful cake for the strawberry lover. Easy to make with packaged gelatin and white cake mix. Fresh strawberries can be used when they are in season." 
"Yellow cake mix, canned fruit cocktail, coconut, and nuts blend in this recipe that may look a bit 'ugly,' but tastes great." 
"This is also called Fruit Cocktail Cake. It originally called for 2 cups of sugar, but I found it too sweet and cut it to 1 cup." 
"No messy clean-up with this one. Just mix and bake in the same pan. Serve with any flavor ice cream." 
"Makes a perfectly smooth coating for cakes. Roll it out to 1/4 inch thickness for best results. Glucose and glycerin can be found at most cake decorating supply stores. You may color it with three drops of whatever food coloring you desire." 
"This recipe was given to me by my mom's neighbor, Sharon Kelley. It is the very best chocolate cake recipe I have ever tasted." 
"A different cheesecake--made with Swiss cheese." 
"A low-fat cheesecake!" 
"Can be made any time of the year, thanks to frozen blueberries." 
"Chocolate cola icing perfect for the Coco-Cola Cake." 
"Delightful with fruit." 
"A rich reward for picking your way through the thorny brambles. Use your choice of fresh raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, boysenberries and/or chopped pitted cherries. If you don't want to use alcohol, you may substitute orange juice." 
"If you love chocolate and cheesecake -- this is for you." 
"A chocolate lover's delight! Top with cherry pie filling or sweetened strawberries." 
"This is also called Chocolate Upside Down Cake, because it can be turned out-- duh --upside down. It's good served with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream." 
"Fresh strawberries and chocolate mousse make an appealing treat." 
"This is a great chocolate cake that my family loves especially with it's whipped cream frosting!" 
"A yummy pound cake that disappears fast! Especially good around the holidays for gift giving." 
"Like it says -- a fast and easy cake you won't feel guilty about eating. You can serve with whipped topping and fresh fruit for a special treat." 
"Quick and easy red velvet cake." 
"This cake recipe came from Denmark with my Great Grandmother and Great Grandfather when they came over to the United States." 
"A real chocolate lover's delight. Ground pecans can be used in place of the walnuts. Decorate with coffee beans or candy, if desired." 
"Key lime cheesecake - sweet, tart and delicious! You may add 1 drop of green food coloring if desired. Garnish with whipped cream." 
"This is an old recipe and it is a lemon cake with lemon jelly filling and lemon orange frosting." 
"A very thick filling, great on General Robert E. Lee Cake or you can use your own lemon or white cake recipes." 
"Frosting for General Robert E. Lee Cake or use your own white or lemon cake recipes. Enough to cover the sides and top of a 4 - 9 inch layer cake." 
"This is a cake that can be served anytime." 
"A lovely cake with chunks of apples flavored with honey, coffee and grated lemon rind." 
"This is an attractive tube cake filled with tender apple slices and cinnamony-sweet streusel. The rich sour cream makes a fine-textured cake." 
"This cake is moist with applesauce, is full of raisins and pecans. This is a chocolate cake for all you chocolate lovers. This cake has no eggs and is especially dense." 
"This cake is a dry and grainy texture with a hint of orange." 
"The chocolate cake you'll get from this pound cake recipe with buttermilk and chocolate is dense, dark, and delicious." 
"Moist and delicious muffins! You may use up to one cup of chocolate chips if you like!" 
"This cake has a little something different added to it - yes, rum. This is the little something extra." 
"A lovely cake for those of you who like to entertain." 
"This cake is great and makes a difference from the other graham cracker cake recipes." 
"A nice no-added-sugar apple cake sweetened with fruit juice." 
"A sourdough spiced coffee cake, also known as an Amish Friendship Cake." 
"The secret of this light frosting is to mix it with a mixer for the recommended time at high speed. This incorporates air to make it light. 1-1/2 cups frosting is enough to frost the top of one 9 inch cake." 
"This recipe dates from World War II when sugar was in short supply and very precious." 
"This is a unique old-fashioned recipe using guava pulp and guava nectar to make a spice cake." 
"A sweet cake made with Cola soft drink and marshmallows." 
"This crunchy, peanut-y cake is quick, easy and stores well." 
"A delicious cake filled and topped with apples and cinnamon." 
"This is the only cheesecake that I have found that has the shortdough crust and it is a good tasting cake. It takes time to make, but is well worth the time." 
"This cake and its icing are made from scratch. I cook for a living and the people who I have tried this on love it!" 
"This fudgy icing is great on taste!" 
"When I first got this recipe I thought it would be strange to make this cake, then refrigerate it, and bake the next morning. But it's great. The cake is so moist and delicious. It's wonderful when you have company staying at your house, and it makes a great breakfast with a cup of coffee." 
"Make the day before desired; this cake improves with time. Made in a pressure cooker. If desired, garnish with confectioners' sugar or whipped cream and sliced strawberries." 
"This cheesecake will steal the limelight at a summer party! This cake looks beautiful garnished with a stem of featherleaf fern." 
"A simple easy-to-make cheesecake served with a yummy Pecan Caramel Sauce. It's perfect for holiday get-togethers." 
"A chocoholic's dream. Something for a very special occasion." 
"A friend gave me this delicious lemon-flavored cheesecake recipe. Simple to make, and a favorite ending for a special meal." 
"A low fat cheesecake that's well worth the working time. Great for the holidays." 
"This recipe makes a cheesecake between a graham cracker crust and a pecan topping for a nice Thanksgiving Day cheesecake." 
"A tropical tasting cake, it is the next best thing to a tropical vacation in the middle of winter. Also known as a Bumblebee Cake." 
"This cake made my grandmother famous on her block!! So easy too!! Great for block parties, picnics, or holidays." 
"The fruitcake from this French recipe uses candied orange peel, walnuts, and raisins to make a fruitcake requiring no aging." 
"I don't remember when I got this recipe, but it has been a favorite for years. It's quick, easy and makes a moist cake that keeps well." 
"I make this at least twice when blueberries are in season. Makes a great coffeecake or dessert." 
"Very simple cake, anyone can make it. You may substitute butter or margarine for half of the shortening if you desire." 
"Yellow cake mix and peaches canned in heavy syrup are the primary components in this simple dump cake recipe." 
"Apples add moistness to the spicy chocolate batter and chocolate chips further enhance the chocolate flavor." 
"This is a lovely fall dessert which is a lovely moist and dark cake." 
"Pecans, caramel and chocolate all wrapped up in a decadent cheesecake batter, what could be better?" 
"This is a very easy frosting to make, not too sweet, and absolutely outstanding" 
"Delicious! The combination of mint and chocolate is always a sure-fire pleaser." 
"Delicious cake with sour cherries in it and cherry sauce on top." 
"White cake soaked in sweet creamy coconut milk and smothered in whipped topping and flaked coconut. A real treat for those with a sweet tooth." 
"If you love Oreo cookies, you'll love this smooth, creamy (but not too rich) dessert!" 
"This fruit cocktail is different than other recipes in that it has butter added. It does make a difference!" 
"You need just one bowl and one pan while preparing this quick and delicious spice cake with applesauce and pecans." 
"Easy to make and delicious too!" 
"A nice 'autumn cheesecake.' If desired, garnish the cheesecake with frosted grapes." 
"Ideal for that special ending to a special luncheon. Decorate this jelly roll with crystallized violets, if desired. A few fresh violet leaves on top also may be used." 
"You'll get a gorgeous, dark, and rich chocolate cake from this recipe with prunes, brandy, and ground almonds." 
"This frosting recipe quickly makes a rich, creamy, and dark chocolate icing with just bittersweet chocolate, brandy, butter, and heavy cream." 
"The special thing about this cheese cake is the hole in the center of it which you fill with melted chocolate . That's why it is called "Muddy Chocolate Cheese Cake." Enjoy it while its hot." 
"These are Pennsylvania Dutch Funny Cakes, baked in a pie crust with a chocolate "funny" layer that sinks to the bottom while baking." 
"My Mom use to make this cheesecake for us kids when we were coming home from school. Very easy to do, and Yummy." 
"The only banana cake in the world!! It is easy to make, does not cost too much to buy the ingredients, and is very delicious. Everyone will like it!!" 
"A mocha treat that is lower in sugar than most cakes. Make sure that the amount of sugar substitute you use works out to be the equivalent of 1/2 cup white sugar." 
"I leave the coconut and nuts out, and it is still very good. I get rave reviews when I take it anywhere!" 
"This is a wonderful eggless cake recipe, moist and absolutely delicious. Not only that, it hardly takes any time to prepare. It's something I got from my aunt, and whip up in a jiffy. I hope you love it too!" 
"You can get a moist chocolate cake with applesauce, sweetened condensed milk, and buttermilk baking mix using this recipe." 
"This decadent cake is creamy-smooth and buttery. It literally melts in your mouth and leaves you swooning for more! Sprinkle frosted cake with chocolate shavings." 
"This is an apple stack cake with six layers." 
"This fudgy frosting will keep for two weeks in the refrigerator." 
"A very simple to make chocolate cake that I developed while trying to combine my chocolate and coffee cravings. It tastes so good no one will believe how easy it was! (It can be frosted with chocolate or coffee icing but I like it plain.)" 
"Prepared poppyseed filling and chopped nuts are mixed into a simple batter in this quick recipe." 
"This recipe for dump cake is more like a cobbler type dessert than it is a cake. I serve it in a bowl with whipped cream, ice cream, or frozen whipped topping. It is quick to prepare and it is delicious." 
"This excellent recipe uses cake mix and whiskey to make a very moist and tasty yellow cake." 
"A simple Amish recipe with a very moist texture everyone will love. Serve with cream cheese frosting." 
"Elegant dessert for a Christmas buffet. Not your ordinary pound cake!" 
"This is my 90-year-old grandmother's recipe. Very simple." 
"The traditional recipe for petits fours uses genoise for the cake base, but pound cake can also be used. Use this frosting to decorate on the base of your choice." 
"This recipe makes a red cake frosted with cream cheese frosting to stand as a bright spot on your holiday table." 
"This is an old fashioned pudding cake, with cake and pudding layers in the pan. The name is a play on words because the cake is made by basically pouring the ingredients and, also, because it is a cheap cake to to make ( Poor Cake)." 
"My Mom used to make this and I still make this pudding-like cake. During the baking the batter rises to the top and a pudding like sauce forms underneath the crust. There is also a lemon version." 
"A must for chocoholics, very moist and fudgy, yet oh so simple to bake." 
"Pineapple, musts, cranberries, and coconut combine in this moist fruitcake using artificial sweetener in place of sugar." 
"This recipe uses vanilla wafers to make a delicious cake and a brown sugar icing that isn't too sweet but definitely delightful." 
"Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate! What else can you say about this recipe with chocolate cake mix, chocolate pudding mix, and chocolate chips." 
"This cake is so moist and delicious, and is even better the second day!" 
"Super moist and decadent, but easy-to-make cake! Dust with confectioner's sugar if desired." 
"These come out very well, and are great with strawberries on top. Pretty too." 
"A moist, yummy cake that is great for get-togethers." 
"This recipe for a cake made with fresh apples makes great brunch dish served with a creamy butter sauce." 
"Serve warm with ice cream, frosted with cream cheese, or all by its lonesome. This cake is always a treat." 
"Although real Chinese dinners usually end with a piece of fruit, Western influence has caused a few changes. This cake uses Chinese techniques to make a French inspired, and extremely moist, sponge cake." 
"This cake comes in handy when all you have left in the cupboard is the tin soups just before shopping day. It really was a treat served warm when we came in from the cold. And it was c-o-l-l-l-d-d-d, North of 53'. Sprinkle brown sugar or dust confectioner's sugar over the top." 
"Vanilla cheesecake, creamy and good, but made with yogurt instead of cream cheese. Wonderful served with fruit." 
"Yellow cake with pineapple, vanilla pudding, and whip cream. Delicious!" 
"Mmmm!! This German dessert is my boyfriend's and my favourite!! It is bread like with a sugary-almond crunchy crust and a vanilla pudding filling! MUST TRY!" 
"A very rich and sweet cake. You may substitute pecans for the walnuts if you prefer." 
"This cake recipe uses pistachio pudding mix in both batter and frosting for delicious cake take on Watergate salad." 
"This is a very easy cake to make. No creaming of shortening or butter, and no sifting. It is called sleepy cake because you could do it in your sleep, and because you pour coffee over the batter--a mistake anyone could make on a sleepy morning!" 
"Wonderful cake. Easy to make. Three layers topped with cool whip(TM) and pineapple. Got recipe from lady in Tennessee mountains" 
"This is a quick and easy recipe with applesauce in the batter to result in a moist cake you can frost as you please, if you please." 
"No mess treat for children's parties. Looks like an ice cream cone. Use any flavor cake mix." 
"Great cake for the holidays." 
"This is the best cake I have ever tasted. My mom gave me this recipe and I can't make it often because I would weigh 500 pounds. Hope it lasts more than a day at your house!" 
"Very delicious cake!" 
"A moist cake that is a good keeper. My gardening neighbor brought me this cake along with the recipe several years ago." 
"Only one bowl gets dirty when making this extremely rich cake." 
"This is our favorite yellow cake recipe. I usually don't get to put any icing on before it is gone." 
"This cake recipe makes a frosted applesauce spice cake with a lemon-flavored frosting." 
"This recipe is great for both yellow and chocolate flavored cakes! It makes a light, fluffy, and SERIOUSLY moist cake." 
"Directions on how to cut a fish from any 9" square cake." 
"This cake can be made in loaf pans or in 16 ounce cans." 
"This is a quick and easy recipe for pancakes using self-rising flour." 
"A friend made this for our group and we have been hooked on it ever since. Try it. It's so rich, moist, and easy, you'll be hooked too! Note: I have replaced the sour cream with 16 ounces of plain yogurt, (not fat-free!), with great success. The taste is just as good to me with a lot less fat. However, do not use low-fat or fat-free sour cream, as it will NOT turn out well!" 
"This cake was passed on to my mother by my grandmother. It is one of my personal favorites. I hope it becomes one of yours." 
"I think this is a fantastic recipe. I absolutely love it! Kids love it! I hope you will too. You may use cashews instead of peanuts if desired." 
"A light lemon sponge cake, suitable for Passover. A good use for that leftover matzo meal too." 
"Haven't you always wanted to make donuts at home? Try this recipe for chocolate cake donuts with icing to scratch that itch." 
"Special treat for birthdays or other celebrations!!! Truly resemble ice cream in a cone, kids love 'em!!!" 
"A convenient substitute for commercial mixes. Quick, easy, and yummy. Best of all, YOU control the ingredients!" 
"This recipe for a no-bake cake made with cookies, chocolate, raisins, almonds, and cherries is great for a children's party." 
"This cake often appeared on the Sunday dinner table during the depression and the war years. It's been in my family for three generations. During the olden days, many families could not afford the luxury of the traditional fruitcakes, so this recipe became the popular Christmas fruitcake of the poor." 
"This cake uses ground almonds to replace the wheat flour usually found in cakes. When preparing the almonds, a hand grinder is preferable to a food processor or blender because electric machines bring out the oil in nuts. If a blender or food processor is used, grate only 1/2 cup at a time. Do not pack down when measuring." 
"This cake uses crushed cookies instead of flour. It is a great cake for kids: they will love crushing all those cookies." 
"A butter cake with fruit and nuts. The secret ingredient is grape jam." 
"A fruity filling for a fruity cake. Try it with the Heritage Jam Cake." 
"Blackberry jam is folded into the batter of this bundt cake. After baking the cake is given a confectioners' sugar glaze." 
"A delicious way to use my favorite fruit. If you don't have buttermilk, you may substitute sour milk. Stir 1 tablespoon of vinegar or lemon juice together with 1 cup of milk and let stand for 10 minutes." 
"Five flavors blending to create a superlative pound cake." 
"This is a FLAVORFUL simple sugar glaze. Good for rich pound cakes." 
"I made this cake several years ago. The flavors can be mixed to suit your taste." 
"This very rich cake will soon become a family holiday-favorite." 
"This creamy frosting takes some time, but has a truly caramel flavor. Try it!" 
"Excellent for the holidays. Better baked ahead of time. DELICIOUS flavor gets better with age." 
"Make this recipe for a delicious and moist Italian creme layer cake topped with coconut and pecans for a delicious and elegant dessert." 
"This is a good old-fashioned applesauce cake. It will fill your house with the spicy fragrance of fall." 
"This is a moist spice cake with a 'secret' ingredient. They will never guess!" 
"The sauerkraut cannot be tasted; you think you're eating coconut!" 
"Mashed potatoes give this chocolate spice cake a wonderful texture." 
"One-serving-size cheesecakes. You can top with fruit, preserves, nuts, or chocolate." 
"Wonderful fruitcake without that nasty citron. Not only does it taste great, but it looks very pretty and it's easy enough for an 18-year-old to make (me)! I make this at Thanksgiving so it's ready for Christmas." 
"This fruitcake recipe is very easy to make through use of prepared mincemeat and mixed candied fruit for a quick Christmas-time classic." 
"The recipe for this well loved cake has been altered to reduce the fat content. It uses fat free sweetened condensed milk and an oil substitute. It is not frosted, unlike the traditional cake, but does have a cherry topping." 
"A light, white cake with a delicious orange-coconut filling and an almond flavored meringue frosting." 
"This cake uses a cake mix to make a crust, over which there is a cream cheese layer. Easy to make." 
"This cake is very rich, and is great to take to gatherings." 
"Moist and delicious easy cake!" 
"Inspired by the Hostess(R) favorite, the Ho Ho Cake features layers of cake and cream filling topped with chocolate." 
"Get ready to do the hula! Good with cream cheese or sour cream frosting." 
"Great for Christmas!" 
"This cake should be made at least two weeks ahead to allow the flavors to blend. Hint: I cheat and use the date pieces coated with sugar (instead of regular pitted dates), just taking off most of the sugar by rubbing them in my hands." 
"This recipe delivers a classic version of the original Black Forest cake with whipped cream frosting and cherry toping." 
"This was one of my Grandma's favorite holiday cakes. It brings a look of surprise to peoples eyes when you just mention the name. Candied fruit may be substituted for Raisins and Walnuts" 
"This is a recipe I have had since 1954. I use a cream cheese frosting." 
"This is typical of a French homemade cake - dense, dark, and delicious. It is a European sponge cake, with a different texture than its American counterparts. It is excellent dusted with confectioners' sugar and served with lightly sweetened whipped cream or a fruit coulis." 
"Cream corn in a sweet cake! Why not?" 
"This quick and easy recipe delivers a low-sugar version of typical Wacky Cakes." 
"Start with yellow cake mix and Mandarin oranges to make this cake with a frosting made with pineapple, pudding mixture, and whipped topping." 
"I first received this recipe in 1972. It was the rage at that time. It's delicious." 
"A dense tunnel of chocolaty cream cheese winds through this cake, which is so decadent, yet surprisingly easy." 
"This is my husband's favorite recipe for cheesecake. The flour adds a texture that makes it unique. You can use a pastry crust instead of graham, if you prefer." 
"What makes this Fruit Cocktail Cake the greatest is that it is served with a wonderful butter sauce. Also, it is so simple to make. I know when you try it you will agree. (Double all ingredients to bake in an 11x13-inch pan.)" 
"This is a very easy-to-make chocolate cake. Also very rich! It's sure to please." 
"These are moist muffins with a hint of orange flavoring in it. I received this recipe from my great aunt at the time I was married." 
"A spicy layer cake. Good with buttercream frosting." 
"A variation on the old Pennsylvania Dutch favorite, Shoo Fly Pie. Not as sweet or gooey as Shoo Fly Pie, this cake is much better the day after you bake it. Works really well as cupcakes. I made mini cupcakes for Christmas, always a hit." 
"An easy hard sauce to serve over cake." 
"This wonderful white chocolate cake recipe uses buttermilk, white chocolate, and pecans for the cake frosted with a cream cheese and white chocolate frosting." 
"A delicious, easy-to-make maple frosting, great on white cakes." 
"My mother used to make one of these every Thanksgiving and Christmas. It is sinfully rich and fattening." 
"This is not OATMEAL, but oat BRAN muffins. I have made these for about five years now, and I really love them. They are great made with cinnamon or cranberry applesauce, as well as plain applesauce. My daughter loves them and I hope you will enjoy them, too!" 
"I make this cake frequently; it's a standard recipe that makes the rounds at church regularly--at home in Texas. Now, I'm in Pennsylvania and am introducing it to my northern friends and fellow church-goers:). Enjoy it again! EXCELLENT with vanilla bean ice cream." 
"This is a wonderful moist and full bodied cake. The frosting is creamy and very colorful." 
"Easy to make cake. Dust with confectioners' sugar, no frosting needed." 
"This is a great cake for parties, gatherings, etc. I always get numerous requests for the recipe. Easy to make!" 
"Better than a peanut butter and banana sandwich! Use with a yellow cake." 
"This is a great cake to do after a unit on bugs, wildlife, etc. Have the kids help decorate it! Use licorice whips for antennas, or gumdrops. Spread icing around caterpillar and sprinkle green tinted coconut for grass. Use any flavor cake mix or any Bundt cake recipe." 
"This cinnamon-accented cake with banana, raisins, and nuts is good for year-round entertaining" 
"This mixture of sour cream, sugar, coconut, and whipped cream dessert topping is a perfect frosting for a white layer cake!" 
"War Cake uses ingredients that were available to the average household during World War II. Great served with whipped topping!" 
"A thin pumpkin cake, rolled around in a white cream filling, then in nuts. Can be frozen and served chilled. Dust with confectioners' sugar, if desired." 
"I knew that my husband's favorite cake was spice cake so I made this for him and he absolutely died when he tasted it! It's now his favorite (even better than his mom's recipe!)." 